{"product/description": "Palm Treo 750, 750v, 680 PDA Smartphone Protective Aluminum Metal Hard Case with Removable Belt Clip - Silver", "product/productId": "B000NPOD2I"}
{"product/description": "Compatible with Audiovox CMD8500 series cell phones, this travel charger lets your power up your phone on the go, from a variety of locations.", "product/productId": "B0000AKAEL"}
{"product/description": "A 100-percent polypropylene weighted stuffing material that adds the flexibility necessary to shape soft crafts into lifelike positions. May be used alone or with poly-fil polyester fiber. Pellets have a smooth edge with an oval contour to create a uniform fill.", "product/productId": "B000E3E6GM"}
{"product/description": "Compatible with Audiovox CMD8500 series cell phones, this deluxe case is constructed of genuine leather, and features a pouch design with a clip for attaching the phone to your belt, purse, or bike bag strap. A snap closure near the top of the case secures your phone and provides easy access.", "product/productId": "B0000AKAEK"}
{"product/description": "History speaks for itself. The ES-335 is one of the most important guitars of all time. Right from its introduction in 1958 as the world's first semi-hollowbody electric guitar it has been a mainstay of players eager to balance the gorgeous, round, mellow tones perfect for jazz and blues with the edge and sustain of a full-blooded solidbody. Countless music legends have immortalized Gibson's ES-335.                   Two '57 Classic humbucking pickups and stopbar tailpiece.                         Vintage style tulip shaped tuners.          Today the Gibson Custom Shop creates exacting duplicates of the ES-335 as it first left the Kalamazoo plant in 1958. That year just 267 were built, but the original vintage 335s grew steadily in popularity, peaking in 1967 thanks largely to Eric Clapton's high-profile use of a cherry ES-335 in the band Cream. Body and Finishes The Custom Shop ES-335 is available with many finish options, reflecting the color choices that have evolved over the model's 50-year history. In Satin finish, trans black and cherry colors are available, with a plain maple top, back, and rims. Ebony is available only in plain maple. With the figured maple top, back, and rims option, cherry, tri-burst, antique natural, light burst, and vintage sunburst colors are available. Wine red, trans brown, Beale Street Blue, and cinnamon burst finishes are also available in limited quantities, along with gold hardware, for figured and for plain maple models. Regardless of color, the ES-335 retains its classic proportions: 16 1/2-inches wide, 20-inches long, and 1 3/4-inches deep. The neck is one-piece mahogany beneath a 22-fret rosewood fingerboard with pearloid inlays and a single-ply binding. Additionally, there's single-ply binding on the top and back. Hardware All hardware is nickel, and there's a classic ABR-1 bridge with a lightweight aluminum stopbar tailpiece. Neck length is 24 3/4 inches with a 1 11/16-inch nut width. Satin finish models have vintage style tulip shaped tuners, while figured and plain tops come with Grover kidney-shaped tuners. All Custom Shop ES-335s have powerful '57 Classic humbucking pickups, two volume pots, two tone pots, and a three-way pickup selector switch. They are strung with Gibson Brite Wire .010 strings and come safely nestled in a black levant case. Famous Players Spanning numerous decades, the ES-335 has been in the hands of countless musicians. From Chuck Berry's numerous performances to Alvin Lee's incendiary performance at Woodstock to Police's 2008 tour in NYC, the ES-335 has been the instrument of choice for any players seeking gorgeous, round, mellow tones, tempered with the edge and sustain of a full-blooded solidbody electric like the Les Paul. Nitrocellulose Finish Applying a nitrocellulose finish to any Gibson guitar is one of the most labor-intensive elements of the guitar-making process. A properly applied nitro finish requires extensive man hours, several evenly applied coats, and an exorbitant amount of drying time. But this fact has never swayed Gibson into changing this time-tested method, employed ever since the first Gibson guitar was swathed with lacquer back in 1894. Why? For starters, a nitro finish dries to a much thinner coat than a polyurethane finish, which means there is less interference with the natural vibration of the instrument, allowing for a purer tone. A nitro finish is also a softer finish, which makes it easily repairable. You can touch up a scratch or ding on a nitro finish, but you can't do the same on a poly finish. In addition, a nitro finish is very porous in nature, and actually gets thinner over time. It does not \"seal\" wood in an airtight shell--as a poly finish does--and allows the wood to breathe and age properly. All VOS (Vintage Original Spec) series guitars will use a proprietary process that includes unique steps for staining, wet-sanding, and hand-rubbing; subsequently the guitars reflect what a well-cared for 40-year-old guitar looks like. The result is a remarkable patina that will delight even the most discriminating enthusiast.\tA plain top and satin lacquer finish make the all-time classic Gibson ES-335 Satin Finish Electric Guitar more available to dedicated players like you. Maple top, back, and rims are joined with a solid maple center block and mahogany neck with rosewood fingerboard. '57 Classic humbuckers translate the body's natural resonance into haunting jazz tones or searing distorted leads.1960s slim taper neck profile is very fast and comfortable while bound top and back, vintage tulip tuners, nickel hardware, and mother-of-pearl inlays add up to fantastic visual appeal.", "product/productId": "B000KYRGRQ"}
{"product/description": "1-1/8\" Diameter. 48\" Length. Color Coded - Pink.", "product/productId": "B0007TVNHS"}
{"product/description": "This comfortable and easy to use Nokia Bluetooth Headset BH-600 gives you a very good audio quality even in noisy environments due to digital signal processing (DSP). For phones and devices compatible with Bluetooth Specification 1.1 and higher, and supporting handsfree and/or headset profile. Comfortable to wear (on either ear) due to flexible earhook. Easy to use wireless headset with a multifunction button and a volume up/down button.", "product/productId": "B000HZFD32"}
{"product/description": "1-1/4\" Diameter. 48\" Length. Color Coded - Forest Green.", "product/productId": "B0007TVNHI"}
{"product/description": "A delicious, convenient beef flavored base for making soup or beef stock", "product/productId": "B0000DF3Z4"}
{"product/description": "Naturally flavored. Reduced calorie. A fat free food. Sweetened with Splenda Brand. 25% Less calories than regular hard candy. Whether you are watching your weight, or simply want a healthy treat, enjoy GoLightly's delicious sugar free candy! 0 or Low sodium. No trans fats. Safe for Diabetics. Total Carbs (16 g) - HSH (Sugar Alcohol) (16 g); Net Effective Carbs = 0. GoLightly Sugar Free Hard Candy contains 45 calories per serving as compared to 60 calories per serving for regular hard candy. Diabetics: This product may be useful in your diet on the advice of a physician. Exchange Information: 1 Serving = 1 Fruit. Made in the USA.", "product/productId": "B000HTUKKO"}
{"product/description": "It's naturally good! Vegetarian. Low fat. No MSG. Spicy Dragon Ramen Szechuan Style. Quick and natural. Soken Spicy Dragon Ramen is low fat natural food at it's finest. Delicate non-fried noodles are combined with a sumptuous broth of Chinese spicy miso and vegetables to create this gourmet delight. Like all Soken products, this Ramen dose no contain MSG, animal products or preservatives. At Soken, good taste comes naturally. Product of Japan.", "product/productId": "B000LKZIMO"}
{"product/description": "A delicious, convenient beef flavored base for making soup or beef stock", "product/productId": "B0000DF3Z9"}
{"product/description": "Contains 50+ trace minerals, including iodine. Professional Chefs Association Best Quality Award. Millions of years ago, the salt in this pouch was part of a Pristine Sea: Long before the earth knew pollutants of any kind, a huge, ancient sea covered what is now called North America. Pure, natural salt was the main ingredient of this sea, and over millions of years, the water in the sea evaporated, leaving the salt in undisturbed deposits. A range of volcanos erupted around the ancient sea bed, sealing the salt with layers of thick volcano ash, protecting these precious deposits against the pollution that man would eventually introduce into the environment. Near the small town of Redmond, in south central Utah, we carefully extract this salt from deep within the earth, and bring it to you in it's pure, natural state without additives, chemicals, or heat processing of any kind! Is Your Salt Real? Compared to RealSalt, regular table salts and also many sea salts, appear stark white because they have undergone harsh bleaching and refining. By contrast, RealSalt is extracted from deep within the earth, crushed, screened, and packaged without any bleaching or refining. RealSalt's unique pinkish appearance and flecks of color from more than 50 natural trace minerals, essential for good health and necessary for an amazing salt taste. RealSalt also contains numerous other trace minerals in minute quantities. Not a dietary source of iodine.", "product/productId": "B000EOMUAU"}
{"product/description": "Instantly Powerful: The Smart Jet Pro is a zero-maintenance, oil-less piston \"auto shut-off\"air compressor proves ideal for the occasional and professional artist doing general airbrush applications. Includes a high-strength polyurethane air hose. Its powerful, compact, reliable and quiet.\tInstantly Powerful: The Smart Jet Pro is a zero-maintenance, oil-less piston auto shut-offair compressor proves ideal for the occasional and professional artist doing general airbrush applications. Includes a high-strength polyurethane air hose. It?s powerful, compact, reliable and quiet.Features include: 1/8 hp 1-35 PSI maximum operating pressureMounted fully adjustable air-pressure gaugeMoisture filter prevents pulsationCompressor shuts itself off automatically when not in useEnclosed in an all-metal protective case with carrying handle", "product/productId": "B000PIJZJY"}
{"product/description": "Experience the freedom and fun of the MX203S from Plantronics! This stereo headset allows you to take calls or listen to high fidelity stereo music on your MP3-enabled phone. Experience an exceptionally stable, comfortable fit with the unique Flex Grip design  perfect when you are on the go! Be heard clearly in windy environments with WindSmart technology, providing Plantronics' distinctive sound clarity. Put an end to fumbling with conveniently located one-touch call answer/end. Compatible with most built-in MP3-enabled mobile phones.", "product/productId": "B000G27E4M"}
{"product/description": "This Samsung SGH-T809 Black Protective Hard Case fully protect your Samsung SGH-T809 from scratches. It comes with a set of 2 pieces - front and back cover, together with a detachable belt clip. You don't need to remove the hard case when you slide open your cell phone. Order today and protect your precious Samsung SGH-T809 cell phone!", "product/productId": "B000I1MGRQ"}
{"product/description": "Does it seem like your car is one big \"dead zone?\" Beef up your reception with a Call Capture Cellular Signal Enhancer. You SAVE BIG BUCKS! There's one spot, right between two towns, where my reception goes down to one shaky bar for about a quarter of a mile. Guess where I'm at anytime anyone tries to reach me? Call Capture works with current carrier protocols, and works with Bluetooth hand-held devices, improving signal strength and reducing interference. Just follow the easy installation instructions, and Call Capture will increase cell phone signal strength in your car by up to 10X! Wireless, requires no connection to the cell phone; Compatible with all cell phone providers; Works with multiple phones simultaneously; Reduces cell phone power use, conserving battery talk time Increases call clarity and decreases the number of dropped calls. Entire kit weighs 21 ozs. State Cell Make. Order yours today! Call Capture Cell Phone Signal Enhancer", "product/productId": "B000MZIF4Q"}
{"product/description": "Enhance the look of your cell phone, but still protect it with the Body Glove Cellsuit. The Cellsuit provides a shock absorbent and water-resistant case, but it also has a sleek and fashionable design that will fit your phone like a glove!", "product/productId": "B000PDR4PG"}
{"product/description": "Silver Chronograph Wave Ceptor Watch with Metal Band featuring Atomic Timekeeping, 1/20 Second Chronograph, Dual Time and 100 Meter Water Resistant. Features: Multi-Band Atomic Timekeeping (US, Japan)Receives time calibration radio signals which keep the displayed time accurateAuto receive function (up 6 times per day)Manual receive functionSignal: WWVB, Frequency: 60kHz US, 40/60kHz Japan 100M Water Resistant Auto LED Light with Afterglow Tachymeter Dual Time Daily Alarm 1/20 second chronographMeasuring capacity: 59'59.95Measuring modes: Elapsed time Auto Calendar (pre-programmed until the year 2099) Accuracy: +/-15 seconds per month (with no signal calibration) Battery CR1616 Approx. battery life: 2 years Module 4722 Size of case41.0 x 44.0 x 12.5mm", "product/productId": "B000K0LYG4"}
{"product/description": "Stainless Steel Case,   Oval dial   goldtone push/pull crown   Goldtone stainless steel buckle closure with 7.5 inch band length   Black Leather Strap", "product/productId": "B000F6RR2S"}
{"product/description": "This natural, lightly colored balsa is carefully dried in special kilns to reduce the water content and leave a light wood with a high strength to weight ratio. The premier wood for all types of modeling projects, balsa cuts easily with a hobby knife, and may be stained or painted.Also available in sticks and sheets .", "product/productId": "B000BQX0WI"}
{"product/description": "Attach and sew elastic or tape in one easy step with your overlock machine.  Fits the following machines: PE770, LS2125i, XL2230, XL2600i, XL2610, XL3510, XL3750, ES2000, CP6500, CP7500, 1034D, PC210PRW, PC420PRW, SE400, LB6800PRW", "product/productId": "B0007XKGOA"}
{"product/description": "Listen to your favorite MP3 music in stereo! Experience improved sound clarity - even in noisy environments - with the acoustically tuned speaker. Includes a shirt clip, so you can easily walk and talk hands-free. Conduct important personal and business calls on-the-go. Ergonomic earpiece with soft comfort ring provides comfortable fit even over extended periods: High Quality Audio; Easy to Operate; Hands-Free; Comfortable fit.\t\tCompatibility: \t\tSony Ericsson D750 \tSony Ericsson J100 \tSony Ericsson J220 \tSony Ericsson J230 \tSony Ericsson K310 \tSony Ericsson K510 \tSony Ericsson K610 \tSony Ericsson K750 \tSony Ericsson K790 \tSony Ericsson K800 \tSony Ericsson M600 \tSony Ericsson P990 \tSony Ericsson W300 \tSony Ericsson W550 \tSony Ericsson W600 \tSony Ericsson W700 \tSony Ericsson W710 \tSony Ericsson W800 \tSony Ericsson W810 \tSony Ericsson W850 \tSony Ericsson W900 \tSony Ericsson W950 \tSony Ericsson Z520 \tSony Ericsson Z525 \tSony Ericsson Z530 \tSony Ericsson Z610 \tSony Ericsson Z710", "product/productId": "B000MSHP8A"}
{"product/description": "Stamped Embroidery: Quilt Blocks: 6pc. Each package contains (6) 18x18\" quilt blocks of cotton/poly broadcloth, instructions for completion and care, and complete floss requirements.", "product/productId": "B000GBRPJM"}
{"product/description": "HP's advanced inkjet technology is well suited to a wide range of applications, from printing simple text documents to producing vivid, complex graphics on all types and sizes of paper, film, fabric, and other media. The versatility and affordability of inkjet technology make it the ideal choice for today's value-conscious consumers. With proprietary ink formulas, patented printheads, and a wide variety of compatible media, HP offers integrated inkjet printing solutions that produce low-cost, high-quality color output quickly and economically.", "product/productId": "B00006HOTT"}
{"product/description": "Module Capacity\t512MB, Data Rate\tSDR133, Speed\tPC133, Double sided, 16 Chips LOW DENSITY, CL=2 / 3.3V.", "product/productId": "B00006HOTL"}
{"product/description": "Offering all the benefits of the Intex Raised Downy airbed but with the added advantage of lighter weight and mid-rise height, the Intex Pillow Rest inflatable airbed is ideal for travelers who want the comforts of a bed but the convenience of a blow-up mattress. The Pillow Rest is equipped with a quality-tested, 20.8-gauge, waterproof flocked top, along with 15-gauge vinyl beams and 16-gauge sides and bottom. The resulting surface is comfortable and secure, whether you're sleeping at the in-laws' overcrowded house or setting up a guest bed in the basement. In addition, the Pillow Rest is remarkably easy to inflate thanks to the built-in, high-powered electric pump, which does its job in a mere three minutes. No more fussing with tiring hand or foot pumps or rummaging through the garage for your detached electric pump. And should the mattress feel a little too soft or firm, you can customize the comfort level with the touch of a button.  The Pillow Rest is raised 17.5 inches from the floor, making it far taller than most inflatable mattresses, and includes built-in pillows for added comfort. And at 40 by 18.5 by 80 inches (W x H x L), the mattress is an official twin size, making it a good fit for fitted sheets. The Pillow Rest--which offers a capacity of 300 pounds--comes with an AC power cord, a shoulder strap, and a duffel bag. It's also backed by a 90-day limited warranty.\tOur mid-rise airbed provides all of the great benefits travelers are looking for in the comfort of a bed, plus the convenience of easy transport. Quality tested 20.8 gauge waterproof flocked top with 15 gauge vinyl beams and 16 gauge sides and bottom. Measures approximately 40\" x 80\" x 18 1/2\"Made of dual chamber construction, the mattress is raised 17 1/2\" from the floor for convenience Includes an A/C 120 Volt Electric Pump, built-in to the mattress. Inflating time is about 2 minutes. A built-in pillow provides additional bed-like comfort. Deflates completely for travel and storage. Includes a duffle bag for storage.", "product/productId": "B000HBILB2"}
{"product/description": "Guaranteed Compatibility View a listing of PCs, notebooks, PDAs, digital cameras, or other products that are guaranteed compatible with this Viking product.  Making sure you have guaranteed compatibility is very important because of the hundreds of different brands, types, and configurations of memory available. As a result, memory that works in one product doesn't necessarily work in another--and there's nothing more frustrating than buying something you can't use.   Because compatibility is so critically important, Amazon has forged a strategic relationship with Viking Components and created the Memory Finder. The Memory Finder is a tool that can help you find memory that works with your specific product, taking the guesswork out of buying memory.   Benefits of Additional Memory Below are listed just a few of the many reasons to purchase additional memory:   Increased Speed: Increasing your computer's memory will speed up access times and translates to faster processing speeds. For example, doubling the memory in your computer often results in 50 percent faster data processing.   Increased Power: Increasing your computer's memory will enable it to process more data. You can have more windows and documents open at the same time. Computer game play becomes faster and more fluid, and high-end graphic programs perform more quickly.  Increased Performance: Increasing your computer's memory can decrease the amount of times your computer crashes. The number one reason for \"blue screens\" in Windows is because the computer runs out of available memory to carry out a function.  Cost Savings: Adding more memory to your computer can lead to dramatic increases in performance for a relatively low price. In some cases, it can even eliminate the need to purchase a new computer thus saving you hundreds of dollars.  Quality Products Viking Components has registered ISO 9000 certified facilities.  ISO 9000 provides a framework for quality management and quality assurance.  ISO authorized accredited registrars frequently visit Viking Components to perform internal quality audits to verify that all quality activities comply with documented procedures and to measure the effectiveness of Viking's quality systems, including the organizational structure, responsibilities, procedures, processes and resources for implementing quality management.   Viking has established and maintains documented procedures for handling, storage, packaging, preservation and delivery of product to ensure the highest quality and complete standardization compliance during each process. Viking's ISO 9000 certification guarantees that our quality processes and standards conform to specific requirements to ensure consistency of product for our customers worldwide.  Superb Service Since 1988, Viking has built customer loyalty and long-term partnerships as the industry leader in customer service. Viking is known throughout the industry for having superb customer service programs for both the reseller/retailer as well as the end user.  In fact, focus panel studies conducted by CMP Publications, the industry's largest publisher, have rated Viking first in service consistently every time.  When you purchase this item you can expect the industry's best customer service policies including: a lifetime replacement warranty, guaranteed product compatibility, 24/7 toll free technical support, a liberal returns policy, and a 24 hour replacement policy in the unlikely event of a Viking product failure.   If you have any further questions about this product, please feel free to send an email to: amazoninfo@vikingsupport.com\tItem #: K37885. Viking's mission is to create products that enhance the speed, power and performance of IT systems, thereby increasing their value to the user. Viking's current offering includes over 2000 different memory, modem and flash memory products that present the fastest, most cost-effective means of expanding the capabilities of a computer or digital device.This memory is designed for the following systems:Compaq Deskpro EX Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EXS;Compaq Deskpro EX Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EX Microtower;Compaq Deskpro EN 1.13GHz Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 1.2GHz Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 1000 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 667 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 733 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 800 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 850 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 866 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 933 Small Form Factor;Compaq Deskpro EN 1.13GHz Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 1.2GHz Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 1000 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 667 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 733 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 800 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 850 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 866 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 933 Slim Desktop;Compaq Deskpro EN 1.13GHz Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 1.2GHz Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 1GHz Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 667 Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 733 Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 800 Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 866 Convertible Minitower;Compaq Deskpro EN 933 Convertible Minitower;Compaq Evo D300v Microtower (815E Chipset);Compaq Evo D500 Convertible Minitower, Small Form Factor, Desktop, (845 Chipset);Compaq Evo D500 Small Form Factor (815E Chipset);Compaq Evo D300s;Compaq Evo D300V (845 Chipset);Compaq Evo D380m;Compaq iPAQ iPAQ (PC133);Compaq Presario 7000T (PC133);Compaq Presario 5300US;Compaq Presario 5301RSH;Compaq Presario 5302RSH;Compaq Presario 5310US;Compaq Presario 5311SR;Compaq Presario", "product/productId": "B00004WIM9"}
{"product/description": "The Outdoor Camera is weatherproof, protected against water and temperature extremes. This camera increases your ability to cover the driveway, yard, swimming pool and other outdoor areas. Add up to five additional cameras to monitor and protect your entire property. Our Outdoor Cameras are the most powerful cameras available for home and small business surveillance. Each add-on camera extends the coverage of your system. Camera highlights include high-quality, color video (VGA or QVGA), 400 MHz onboard processor, Digital motion detection, secure video transmission, slim design, and it's better than wireless -- just plug them in.  Enjoy the seamless integration of your smart Luk Outdoor Camera -- protected against water and temperature extremes. No professional installation. Just plug in and go. Note: The Luk Outdoor Camera is compatible with the Luk Indoor Camera so they can be run on the same system.  What's in the Box Luk Outdoor Camera, Wall/Overhang/Post Mount Bracket, QuickStart Setup Guide.\tLukWerks Outdoor Add-on Cameras can be used with any LukWerks Starter Kit video security system to protect homes and small businesses. Plug-in up to six cameras in minutes   no wires needed! Your PC instantly becomes a command center with live monitoring, motion-based recording, internet remote viewing and security alerts.", "product/productId": "B000LQEG08"}
{"product/description": "Forget having your digital photos printed by someone else. With this PhotoSmart InkJet printer, you can print full-color photos yourself quickly and easily. Print sizes range from 4 by 6 inches all the way up to 8.5 by 11 inches, at up to 2,400 x 1,200 dpi resolution. (Note that the highest-resolution photos will require premium photo paper.) The HP 1115 lets you print directly from your digital camera, using CompactFlash, SmartMedia, or Sony Memory Stick memory cards. You can also connect directly to your computer using the built-in USB port and included HP photo imaging software. Printing is remarkably fast, producing 12 pages per minute (ppm) black and 10 ppm color; the printer includes both a 20-sheet, 4-by-6-inch photo tray and a 100-sheet, 8.5-by-11-inch paper tray. The HP 1115 features color layering technology from PhotoREt III, printing richer colors for great skin tones, as a quicker printing alternative to 2,400 x 1,200 dpi resolution, while maintaining the same exceptional print quality. The HP 1115 is both Mac and PC compatible (but optimized for Windows): Windows 98, 2000 Professional, Me, XP Home, and XP Professional; and Mac OS 8.6 or later on G3 and G4 with USB-connect Macintosh. The printer is backed by a one-year warranty, with the option to extend it to three years at additional cost.\t1115 color inkjet printer lets users print directly from a digital camera via CompactFlash or SmartMedia memory cards slots located on the printer - without using a computer. The printer effortlessly blends advanced photo printing capabilities and ease of use for everyday printing needs.", "product/productId": "B000063W90"}
{"product/description": "Hewlett-Packard's 940C printer combines high-quality printing with a space-saving design that's ideally suited for small work areas. Weighing in at less than 20 pounds, it fits snugly into any 18-by-10-inch space and connects easily to your PC or Macintosh via either standard or USB connection. Providing both outstanding detail and economic use of consumables, this thermal inkjet easily earns its keep in the home office. Color prints are churned out at up to 10 pages per minute, with a fully saturated 2,400 x 1,200 dpi resolution. Monochrome print jobs are processed at up to 12 pages per minute and receive a letter-perfect 600 dpi resolution. The 940C input tray handles 100 sheets of 20-pound paper in letter and legal sizes. Additional paper-handling options include all types of photo paper, stickers, index cards, and envelopes. With simple one-touch operation and clear onscreen windows to navigate you through the printing process, everyone in the family can use this solidly built machine. Hewlett-Packard includes a 90-day warranty on parts and labor.", "product/productId": "B000063W94"}
{"product/description": "Based on the award-winning Sound Blaster 16 technology the Sound Blaster 16 PCI delivers the same high-quality audio with the performance increase of the PCI bus. Sound Blaster 16 PCI provides CD-quality stereo sound with low CPU utilization and great wave-table music that is ideal for home business and Internet applications. Sound Blaster 16 PCI allows you to hear the difference with better sounding music and multimedia in your Windows applications. Full Plug-and-Play support is built-in so setup is \"hassle free\" for any PC setup. Every signal is processed and mixed with a 16-bit digital audio engine for high quality. Sound Blaster 16 PCI provides support for positional 3D sound technology to provide spacious sound on headphones or 2 speaker configurations. The Sound Blaster 16 PCI is the most affordable Sound Blaster PCI product to date. Get a Sound Blaster 16 PCI and hear the difference for yourself. Primary InformationForm Factor:Plug-in cardInterface Type:PCISound Output Mode:3D SoundDAC Data Width:16-bitSound Synthesis Method:WavetableMax Sample Rate:48 KHzMax Speakers Qty:2Interfaces & Connections:Compliant Standards:Sound Blaster MPU-401 DirectSound DirectSound3D General MIDI Sound Blaster Pro Sound Blaster 16 MPC3Full-duplex supportUNSPSC CodeUNSPSC Code:43201502Product IDUPC:054651072244Manufacturer Part:3000473000003", "product/productId": "B0002J45T6"}
{"product/description": "The Hewlett-Packard 960cse DeskJet printer is designed to deliver higher productivity with clear graphics, flexibility, and dependability on a wide range of media. With 8 MB memory and HP's thermal ink-jet technology, the durably designed DeskJet 960cse includes convenient timesaving features like a print-cancel button, automatic cartridge alignment, and a low-ink indicator.With a maximum resolution of 2,400 x 1,200 dpi when using photo paper, the 960cse is further supported by a paper-type sensor and has a maximum paper capacity of 150 sheets or 15 envelopes, reducing the need to refill. The HP DeskJet 960cse ably provides professional-quality, true-color prints at 12 ppm and crisp, clean black text at up to 15 ppm on a wide variety of sizes and media including photo paper, transparencies, and labels. An optional duplexing unit is available for expanded productivity.The 960cse supports both Mac and PC systems and comes backed by the standard Hewlett-Packard one-year warranty with HP online support.\tYou can rely on Innovera for cost-effective printing. Produces affordable color for any document or presentation. Easy to install and replace.", "product/productId": "B000063W98"}
{"product/description": "Guaranteed Compatibility View a listing of PCs, notebooks, PDAs, digital cameras, or other products that are guaranteed compatible with this Viking product.  Making sure you have guaranteed compatibility is very important because of the hundreds of different brands, types, and configurations of memory available. As a result, memory that works in one product doesn't necessarily work in another--and there's nothing more frustrating than buying something you can't use.   Because compatibility is so critically important, Amazon has forged a strategic relationship with Viking Components and created the Memory Finder. The Memory Finder is a tool that can help you find memory that works with your specific product, taking the guesswork out of buying memory.   Benefits of Additional Memory Below are listed just a few of the many reasons to purchase additional memory:   Increased Speed: Increasing your computer's memory will speed up access times and translates to faster processing speeds. For example, doubling the memory in your computer often results in 50 percent faster data processing.   Increased Power: Increasing your computer's memory will enable it to process more data. You can have more windows and documents open at the same time. Computer game play becomes faster and more fluid, and high-end graphic programs perform more quickly.  Increased Performance: Increasing your computer's memory can decrease the amount of times your computer crashes. The number one reason for \"blue screens\" in Windows is because the computer runs out of available memory to carry out a function.  Cost Savings: Adding more memory to your computer can lead to dramatic increases in performance for a relatively low price. In some cases, it can even eliminate the need to purchase a new computer thus saving you hundreds of dollars.  Quality Products Viking Components has registered ISO 9000 certified facilities.  ISO 9000 provides a framework for quality management and quality assurance.  ISO authorized accredited registrars frequently visit Viking Components to perform internal quality audits to verify that all quality activities comply with documented procedures and to measure the effectiveness of Viking's quality systems, including the organizational structure, responsibilities, procedures, processes and resources for implementing quality management.   Viking has established and maintains documented procedures for handling, storage, packaging, preservation and delivery of product to ensure the highest quality and complete standardization compliance during each process. Viking's ISO 9000 certification guarantees that our quality processes and standards conform to specific requirements to ensure consistency of product for our customers worldwide.  Superb Service Since 1988, Viking has built customer loyalty and long-term partnerships as the industry leader in customer service. Viking is known throughout the industry for having superb customer service programs for both the reseller/retailer as well as the end user.  In fact, focus panel studies conducted by CMP Publications, the industry's largest publisher, have rated Viking first in service consistently every time.  When you purchase this item you can expect the industry's best customer service policies including: a lifetime replacement warranty, guaranteed product compatibility, 24/7 toll free technical support, a liberal returns policy, and a 24 hour replacement policy in the unlikely event of a Viking product failure.   If you have any further questions about this product, please feel free to send an email to: amazoninfo@vikingsupport.com", "product/productId": "B00004WIMM"}
{"product/description": "This compact guide to the history and performance of music is both authoritative and a pleasure to use. With entries drawn and condensed from the widely acclaimed Concise Dictionary of Music & Musicians is a dependable reference for home and classroom and for professional and amateur musicians. This concise dictionary offers definitions of musical terms; succinct characterizations of the various forms of musical composition; entries that identify individual operas, oratorios, symphonic poems, and other works; illustrated descriptions of instruments; and capsule summaries of the lives and careers of composers, performers, and theorists. The Harvard Concise Dictionary of Music and Musicians provides information on all periods in music history, with particularly comprehensive coverage of the twentieth century. Clearly written and based on vast expertise, The Harvard Concise Dictionary of Music and Musicians is an invaluable handbook for everyone who cares about music.", "product/productId": "B000MUG0XO"}
{"product/description": "It's hard to resist the fun pink design of the Sweet Poison watch from Casio. This modern, shock-resistant timepiece features both world time capabilities and a countdown timer. Ideal for any traveler, this women's watch features a daily alarm, an hourly time signal, an auto calendar, and includes 29 time zones (48 cities) with city code display and optional daylight savings. The sports fan will make use of the countdown timer and the 1/100 second stopwatch when they're outrunning bulls in Spain or racing dolphins in Australia. Made with a durable pink resin band, along with a resin case, this Casio watch has a unique, round silver dial with an LED light with Afterglow, Arabic-numeral hour markers and green subdials with day, date, and month calendars. Powered by analog quartz movement with an accuracy of +/- 15 seconds per month, the Casio G-Shock is water resistant to 330 feet and comes with a two-year battery life.", "product/productId": "B000NLZ4AM"}
{"product/description": "This 21-jewel, automatic watch winds itself with the motion of your wrist, so you'll never need to change the battery. It has a stainless steel case and features a black dial with three-hand function, easy-to-read bar markers, and an English/Spanish day/date window at the three o'clock position. Additional features include a screw-down case and crown, a scratch-resistant Hardlex crystal, and a one-way rotating bezel that keeps track of elapsed time. With its Lumibrite hands, markers, and bezel, this watch is easy to read in both light and dark conditions. The watch secures to a durable, stainless-steel bracelet band. Designed for diving, this watch is water-tested to 200 meters. It meets ISO standards and is suitable for scuba diving.", "product/productId": "B000AIO6RA"}
{"product/description": "These spoon type shelf rests make it simple and quick to change shelving positions. Requires 1/4\" hole for mounting.", "product/productId": "B000PSSEV4"}
{"product/description": "With the launch of its first watch in November 1974, Casio entered the wristwatch market at a time when the watch industry had just discovered digital technology. As a company with cutting-edge electronic technology developed for pocket calculators, Casio entered this field confident that it could develop timepieces that would lead the market. In developing its own wristwatches Casio began with the basic question, \"\"What is a wristwatch?\"\" Rather than simply making a digital version of the conventional mechanical watch, we thought that the ideal wristwatch should be something that shows all facets of time in a consistent way. Based on this, Casio was able to create a watch that displayed the precise time including the second, minute, hour, day, and month  not to mention a.m. or p.m., and the day of the week. It was the first watch in the world with a digital automatic calendar function that eliminated the need to reset the calendar due the variation in month length. Rather than using a conventional watch face and hands, a digital liquid crystal display was adopted to better show all the information. This culminated in the 1974 launch of the CASIOTRON, the worlds first digital watch with automatic calendar. The CASIOTRON won acclaim as a groundbreaking product that represented a complete departure from the conventional wristwatch.   Casio transformed the concept of the watch  from a mere timepiece to an information device for the wrist  and undertook product planning based on this innovative idea. We developed not only time functions such as global time zone watches, but also other radical new functions using Casios own digital technology, including calculator and dictionary functions, as well as a phonebook feature based on memory technology, and even a thermometer function using a built-in sensor. The memory-function watches became our DATA BANK product series, while the sensor watches developed into two unique Casio product lines of today: the Pathfinder series displaying altitude, atmospheric pressure, and compass readings.   In 1983, Casio launched the shock-resistant G-SHOCK watch. This product shattered the notion that a watch is a fragile piece of jewelry that needs to be handled with care, and was the result of Casio engineers taking on the challenge of creating the worlds toughest watch. Using a triple-protection design for the parts, module, and case, the G-SHOCK offered a radical new type of watch that was unaffected by strong impacts or shaking. Its practicality was immediately recognized, and its unique look, which embodied its functionality, became wildly popular, resulting in explosive sales in the early 1990s. The G-SHOCK soon adopted various new sensors, solar-powered radio-controlled technology (described below), and new materials for even better durability. By always employing the latest technology, and continuing to transcend conventional thinking about the watch, the G-SHOCK brand has become Casios flagship timepiece product.   Today, Casio is focusing its efforts on solar-powered radio-controlled watches: the built-in solar battery eliminates the nuisance of replacing batteries, and the radio-controlled function means users never have to reset the time. In particular, the radio-controlled function represents a revolution in time-keeping technology similar to the impact created when mechanical watches gave way to quartz technology. Through the further development of high radio-wave sensitivity, miniaturization, and improved energy efficiency, Casio continues to produce a whole range of radio-controlled models.", "product/productId": "B000NLZ4A2"}
{"product/description": "Ideal for fastener diameters of 1/4 and smaller. Controlled lubricity for accurate clamp loads. Parts can be separated using hand tools.", "product/productId": "B000O03DIM"}
{"product/description": "Velvet peg for Soprano Saxophone/Flugelhorn", "product/productId": "B000EENANG"}
{"product/description": "Momentum's M50 DSS watch for women is designed for superior performance and features water resistance to 1,650 feet, a super-hard sapphire crystal dial window with date magnifier, a silver-white dial, and a stainless steel band. This casual, yet chic watch also features luminescent hourly indexes with Arabic numerals at 12, six, and nine o'clock, a date function at three o'clock, and a 34.89-millimeter, stainless steel case with black bezel.\tA little out of the ordinary: THE MOMENTUM STORY - celebrating over 30 years of quality watch making  Momentum by St. Moritz Watch Corp. is Vancouver, Canadas own specialty watch manufacturer. Youll find our watches all over the world, but we never forget that Vancouver is where we live and play. Inspired by the Coastal Mountain Range and the Pacific Ocean, our products are reliable, functional and surprisingly affordable.Since 1980, our watch collection has expanded slowly but steadily, based on our reputation for providing customers with unparalleled value for money. Nobody is tougher on watches than SCUBA divers, so its no coincidence that we have become particularly well known as a manufacturer of high quality divers and watersports watches.Since the early 1990s, weve focused on our own Momentum brand, and have become a market leader in the specialty SCUBA market segment, with an unmatched selection of different models, technologies and price-points. Our expertise in waterproof watches has also allowed us to expand rapidly into specialty sports, outdoor and paddle stores, with an emphasis on functional, robust watches that are built to last.Summary of Features Movement: Quartz Analogue with longlife battery system  Case and dial:  35.5 mm  Unprecedented 10 year battery life  Hardened Sapphire crystal, that is virtually scratchproof  The ultimate durable, functional, dive watch.  Each watch is engineered from a block of 316L stainless steel  Water resistant to a depth of 500M/1650FT  Magnified, easy to read date  Outstanding performance, outstanding style  Unidirectional bezel  Big, Bold numbers and indicators with Super Luminova luminous ensures unparalleled legibility, even in the dark", "product/productId": "B000PDESKA"}
{"product/description": "Momentum's M50 DSS watch for women is designed for superior performance and features water resistance to 1,650 feet, a super-hard sapphire crystal dial window with date magnifier, a silver-white dial, and a sporty, black rubber wristband. This casual, yet chic watch also features luminescent hourly indexes with Arabic numerals at 12, six, and nine o'clock, a date function at three o'clock, and a 34.89-millimeter, stainless steel case with black bezel.\tA little out of the ordinary: THE MOMENTUM STORY - celebrating over 30 years of quality watch making  Momentum by St. Moritz Watch Corp. is Vancouver, Canadas own specialty watch manufacturer. Youll find our watches all over the world, but we never forget that Vancouver is where we live and play. Inspired by the Coastal Mountain Range and the Pacific Ocean, our products are reliable, functional and surprisingly affordable.Since 1980, our watch collection has expanded slowly but steadily, based on our reputation for providing customers with unparalleled value for money. Nobody is tougher on watches than SCUBA divers, so its no coincidence that we have become particularly well known as a manufacturer of high quality divers and watersports watches.Since the early 1990s, weve focused on our own Momentum brand, and have become a market leader in the specialty SCUBA market segment, with an unmatched selection of different models, technologies and price-points. Our expertise in waterproof watches has also allowed us to expand rapidly into specialty sports, outdoor and paddle stores, with an emphasis on functional, robust watches that are built to last.Summary of Features Movement: Quartz Analogue with longlife battery system  Case and dial:  35.5 mm  Unprecedented 10 year battery life  Hardened Sapphire crystal, that is virtually scratchproof  The ultimate durable, functional, dive watch.  Each watch is engineered from a block of 316L stainless steel  Water resistant to a depth of 500M/1650FT  Magnified, easy to read date  Outstanding performance, outstanding style  Unidirectional bezel  Big, Bold numbers and indicators with Super Luminova luminous ensures unparalleled legibility, even in the dark", "product/productId": "B000PDESKU"}
{"product/description": "These guitar machines are a triumph in engineering and style. The housing provides a maximum bearing for worm gear and string post. Gear Ratio is 14:1. Worm and gear are precision-cut for perfect meshing. This eliminates backlash and slippage. Countersunk tension screw permits players to regulate turning tension to any degree. Gear box has a special lubricant for lifetime, trouble-free service. Includes 5/8' washers, bushings and wood screws.", "product/productId": "B0006ZSR5E"}
{"product/description": "PRI 3722 SIZE: BOX 72 Color Double End Marker Set Prismacolor Premier 1-Box Set Prismacolor Pencils, Marking Pens & Art Supplies PRISMACOLOR TWINTIP MARKER SET", "product/productId": "B000N2Y632"}
{"product/description": "This comprehensive instructional DVD from Daniel Greene guides the artist in a 2-1/2 hour journey into pastel portraiture. Follow Greene step-by-step as he paints a pastel portrait from start to finish. This extraordinary DVD includes: Valuable tips on how to best organize your materials as well as thorough explanations of canvas, brushes, and other materials used. An introduction into selecting backgrounds and lighting, and choosing comfortable and natural positions for models. A glimpse at Greene's creative process through composition and preliminary drawing, painting in the early stages, and progression from darks to middle tones to lights. A checklist to help determine when the portrait is complete. Tips for painting hair and clothing. A suggested materials list. DVD, 160 minutes long.", "product/productId": "B000KBH8ZO"}
{"product/description": "You'll be on top of any paper sorting job with this high-quality collator/organizer. Expandable construction handles up to 500 sheets in each slot plus it folds for easy storage. Durably manufactured from lightweight, recycled aluminum; nonskid bottom.", "product/productId": "B0006HWLNQ"}
{"product/description": "Monthly calendar appointment section with telephone-address and perforated memo pad sections. Twelve months, Jan-Dec. Past, current and four future months reference. Deluxe, simulated-leather cover. Non-refillable. AAG70-120-50 AAG-70-120-50 AAG7012050 AAG-7012050 038576362765 3857636276", "product/productId": "B000FTRGLM"}
{"product/description": "This polyoxymethylene spur gear with 20-degree pressure angle (PA) and a diametral pitch (DP) of 48 transmits torque between parallel shafts to provide rotational power to another part of a motorized system. It has a 20-degree pressure angle for lower contact ratio between gears, resulting in higher load capacity than smaller pressure angles, and a 48-diametral pitch for applications for applications where controlling changes in speed and direction of rotation with precision is more important than transferring torque. This spur gear, which can mesh only with spur gears that have the same pressure angle and diametral pitch, is made of polyoxymethylene for quiet operation, low friction and moisture absorption, and high resistance to heat and abrasion. This SmallParts spur gear is suitable for use in a variety of commercial and industrial applications, such as construction equipment, aeronautics, conveyors, and manufacturing equipment, among others.Spur gears, the most common gear type, have a circular or cylindrical shape with teeth bordering the outer perimeter and are used for transmitting rotational torque and motion between parallel rotating shafts. A spur gear's pressure angle (PA), diametral pitch (also called DP or pitch), and its material are important factors to consider when purchasing. Gears come in several types for use in different power transmission configurations and for different applications, including bevel and miter gears (for rotating shafts perpendicular to each other), change gears (to increase or decrease torque and speed), helical gears (for high rates of rotational speed), internal gears (where one gear is nested inside the other), rack and pinion gears (for turning rotational motion into linear motion), and worm gears (for perpendicular shafts in tight spaces and quiet operation). Gears are suitable for use in the agriculture, automotive, construction, mining, and packaging industries, and can be found in a variety of machines, including bicycles, automobiles, and elevators, among others.", "product/productId": "B000FMUCGU"}
{"product/description": "Sharpie Oil-Based Fine Point Paint Markers, 12 Red Markers (37302)", "product/productId": "B0006BB7CS"}
{"product/description": "The VTech T2326 is designed for anyone who wants a basic cordless phone with enhanced features and Caller ID. The T2326 features enhanced 2.4 GHz technology that provides a more secure frequency of operation and wider range of use than is available with 900 MHz handsets. The Caller ID memory stores up to 30 names and numbers, and the 9-number speed dial memory makes it simple to call your closest friends and associates. You can also store up to 10 names and numbers in the phonebook directory for quick reference. The any key answer function means youll never miss a call fumbling for the talk button. Other convenience features include voicemail waiting indicator, selectable ring tones, page/handset locator, handset volume control, and last number redial. The compact base is wall-mountable to help save space.     30 name and number Caller ID memory  Voice Message Waiting Indicator (VMWI)  10 name and number phonebook directory  Page/handset locator  Backlit keypad and Display  Any Key Answer  9 number speed dial  Handset volume control  Stylish metallic finish  Comfortable handset size  Wall mount bracket included\tVtech T2326 - 2.4 GHz Crodless Phone w/ Caller ID", "product/productId": "B000BTDLVK"}
{"product/description": "Q-Copy releases Q-E40 alternative toner cartridge for Canon copiers. The Q-E40 cartridge, in tradition of Q-Imaging's commitment to innovation and engineering, comes with significantly enhanced features that greatly improve copier maintenance and ease of use. Manufactured in accordance with the ISO9001 quality standard, the Q-E40 cartridge, like most Q-Imaging products, exceeds OEM standards in a recent independent evaluation.  Features include:  Is 100% brand new, not recycled, not remanufactured  Proven to meet OEM standards in print quality and exceed OEM standards in performance  Features design innovations that improve ease of use and maintenance  Does not void OEM printer warranty Comes with a warranty of two years from date of purchase   For use in: Canon FC200 series, FC300 series, FC500 series, PC300 series, PC400 series, PC500 series, PC700 series, PC800 series, PC900 series.\tYou do have a choice!  And you don't have to compromise on quality.  Q-Brand cartridges are 100% NEW.  Nothing in our products is ever used or recycled or otherwise re-manufactured.  Q-Brand cartridges have been independently tested and have been shown to be on par in terms of quality and performance with the original equipment manufacturer's replacement cartridges.  Q-Brand cartridges are made under strict manufacturing standards and are guaranteed to work with the printers and business machines specified, without infringing on manufacturers' patents or affecting printer manufacturers' warranties.  ISO9001 Quality System certified. Q-Brand, the Original Alternative.", "product/productId": "B000CCDCOC"}
{"product/description": "STEREN 203-602 KEYCHAIN LASER POINTER WITH 42 PATTERNS", "product/productId": "B000E9ZKIY"}
{"product/description": "Sharpie Oil-Based Fine Point Paint Markers, 12 Black Markers (37301)", "product/productId": "B0006BB7CI"}
{"product/description": "The Sherpa Desk System from Durable provides a practical and professional way to keep important presentation and reference documents readily available. This elegant, weighted desk stand with non-slip rubber feet has 20 viewing sides. It can be expanded virtually without limits with the DBL5698-10 expansion set. Sleeves have rugged frames in light gray. Also available with frames in assorted colors - two each in black, red, dark blue, green, and yellow (DBL5542-00). Includes desk stand, 10 Sleeves and 10 snap-on tabs.", "product/productId": "B0006HWLDG"}
{"product/description": "Sharpie Peel-Off China Markers, 2 Black Markers (2173PP)", "product/productId": "B000BQS168"}
{"product/description": "Six-year date stamp offers a nickel-plated steel frame and unbreakable wheels", "product/productId": "B000EFJSMW"}
{"product/description": "This item falls within our lowest price guarantee!", "product/productId": "B000F64DX4"}
{"product/description": "The Hawk positive drive synchronous belt has a 5 mm pitch, a 5M metric profile, is built by Goodyear Engineered Products, and is suitable for drive applications where shaft synchronization is required, such as food processing equipment, farm machinery, machine tools, and packaging machinery. This universal tooth profile belt is a drop-in replacement belt that fits many standard-sized sprockets and uses standard industry parts numbers. Its molded-rubber compounded construction decreases flex fatigue for longer product life. The Hawk positive drive synchronous belt is constructed of a composite rubber that resists tooth deformity and ratcheting, and it is oil, heat, ozone, and abrasion resistant, making it suitable for use in rugged environments.   Synchronous belts (also known as timing belts) have teeth on the underside of the belt that join with the grooves in a rotating pulley to transmit power at a constant speed without slippage. They are made of compounded rubber and are reinforced lengthwise with fiberglass cords for added strength. The belts require minimal re-tensioning and maintenance, no lubrication, and provide quiet operation. Synchronous belts are used in industrial applications such as farm, textile, mining, and printing machinery, and consumer applications such as office equipment, home appliances, and automobiles.  Veyance Technologies, Inc. manufactures and sells Goodyear Engineered Products, including industrial power transmission products, conveyor belts, hydraulics, rubber track, and automotive and truck products. It is based in Fairlawn, OH.", "product/productId": "B00008PESY"}
{"product/description": "Provides a protective film on carpets and upholstery to retard soiling and reduce static electricity. Gallon bottle covers 1,600 square feet.", "product/productId": "B000AR7EIY"}
