{"product/description": "These spoon type shelf rests make it simple and quick to change shelving positions. Requires 1/4\" hole for mounting.", "product/productId": "B000PSSEV4"}
{"product/description": "Ideal for fastener diameters of 1/4 and smaller. Controlled lubricity for accurate clamp loads. Parts can be separated using hand tools.", "product/productId": "B000O03DIM"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMYUR2"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMWRG8"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMUUE4"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FOI2CE"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMYSSI"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FN11FK"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMYOIW"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMWQGY"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FN0WL4"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FOI2AQ"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMYSJC"}
{"product/description": "Scotch Electrical Tapes are stretchy, conformable, vinyl plastic. Insulates and protects against abrasion, water, solvent splashes and chemicals. Flame retardant and weather resistant. U.L and CSA Listed. Temperature Rating: -18 Celsius to 105 Celsius\tScotch Super 33+ Vinyl Electrical Tape. 7 mil thick-the first and only \"one tape for all jobs\". Wraps and holds in all weather and will continue to hold in sub-zero temperatures or in continuous temperature environment up to 220F. Conforms remarkably well.Resistant to oil, water, wear, chemicals, and solvents.", "product/productId": "B00004WCCL"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FN11A0"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FN0VTC"}
{"product/description": "6-Piece kit with adapter connects to any 1-1/4\" hose. 1-1/4\" Micro Cleaning Kit. These mini attachments include a Straight Wand, Curved Wand, Crevice Tool, Round Brush, and Oval Brush.  Removes dirt and dust from those hard-to-reach places, computer keyboards, stereos, car dashboards, etc.\tMicro Cleaning Kit, Adapts To 1-1/4\" Hose, Includes Straight Wand, Curved Wand, Crevice Tool, Round Brush, Oval Brush, 1-1/4\" Adapter, Use For Cleaning Computers, VCRs, Car Stereos.", "product/productId": "B00002ND4G"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FN109M"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FOJKBQ"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMYSII"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMWR2M"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMYUSG"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMUWH4"}
{"product/description": "This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FN10TW"}
{"product/description": "This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.", "product/productId": "B000FMUTHM"}
{"product/description": "This Glamorous Bracelet will wrap its attractive beauty around your wrist. Glamorous 14k Gold Filled links intertwine elegantly to form a breathtaking pattern of grace and exquisiteness.", "product/productId": "B000M4IJOI"}
{"product/description": "Dazzle all those around you with these decadent and luxurious pink faux pearl earrings. Crafted with sterling silver and pink faux pearl and vintage rose crystals made with SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS, this earring set shines and sparkles brightly. The length of each earring measures 1.5 long, and comes with a sterling silver leverback that will keep them in place. Enjoy the amazing savings on this one-of-a-kind item - exclusively from Gem Avenue!The earrings will be shipped in a FREE gift box, perfect for surprising that special someone.Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue, your source for unique sterling silver and crystal jewelry on the cheap!", "product/productId": "B000PAIH7I"}
{"product/description": "This puzzle ring comes as 4 individual narrow bands that are fit together to form a claddagh. We cannot take the ring back if it is apart, so if you decide to take the ring apart, be aware that it can be quite a challenge to put back together. It is crafted of sterling silver and marked 925.", "product/productId": "B00023K816"}
{"product/description": "Enjoy the beauty of this silver-plated and crystal Expressively Yours bracelet. The Sister, Friend, and Forever Words are on both sides of the silver bead. It is finished off with a heart charm and a toggle clasp. Included with this bracelet is this inspirational saying: Sisters care and sisters share, Sometimes they disagree, A sister is a special friend, Forever family. It comes packaged in a beautiful gift box with a ribbon-ready to give as a gift. Ages 13 and up, 8 long.", "product/productId": "B000NZWU00"}
{"product/description": "This unique pendant features a vine motif set inside an organically-shaped rectangular frame. The pendant hangs from an elongated, tube-shaped bale that slides along a silver-wrapped flexible wire chain. The result is a strikingly beautiful modern accent piece that will add drama to any neckline. The 18-inch chain fastens securely with a lobster claw clasp.", "product/productId": "B000AHICUI"}
{"product/description": "Safely store accessories while creating an elegant room accent with Powell's Masterpiece Antiqued Parchment jewelry armoire. Hand-carved and hand-painted, this lovely piece features ornate woodwork around the top and base, neoclassic corner columns, and a large floral design blooming from the distressed golden background. Place the armoire in a dressing area and experience the luxury of finding the right jewel or scarf easily and quickly. Plus, it's wonderful to know that valuables are protected from damage and loss, even in busy spaces.  This large armoire offers efficient organization, beginning with seven drawers stacked vertically down the front. Use the four small drawers (two are divided) for items like earrings, bracelets, and watches, and fill the three large drawers with shawls and lingerie. Each drawer opens with a flower-shaped knob and is luxuriously lined with brown 100-percent rayon. On top, a hinged lid opens to a large mirror and a roomy storage area with ring pads. For necklaces and chains, pull out the two side pocket doors to access sturdy metal hooks. The armoire measures 19 inches wide by 14-1/2 inches deep by 41 inches high when closed. It measures 37 inches wide by 15 inches deep by 53-1/2 inches high when open. Some assembly is required to attach the lid. --Kara Karll\tAntique Parchment Hand painted Jewelry Armoire is hand painted with floral arrangement on the face and hand carved with the look of Golden Antique Parchment. Includes a flip top with inset mirror.  Reveals 2 rows of ring pads and  open center section. There are  7 fully lined and divided drawers: 1st drawer- 9 squares, 2nd drawer- 6 squares, and 3rd through 7th drawers- open.  2 swing doors with 100% rayon brown lining. Minimal assembly, attach top only.", "product/productId": "B000KFWI9G"}
{"product/description": "Bright White Silver Twists and Loops to Form a Rounded Helix Shape. These Sterling Silver Earrings are on Hooks for Pierced Ears and are Marked .925.", "product/productId": "B000Q0QX0U"}
{"product/description": "Connoisseurs Jewelry Cleaner 8 FL OZ Works great with Diamonds and Precious Stones", "product/productId": "B000QA2IHC"}
{"product/description": "A classic hoop earring she will enjoy wearing day after day, the Duragold 14k White Gold Hoop Earrings are a wardrobe staple. These 1\" diameter hoops will securely stay in place with their click-top closure. Made entirely of 14k white gold, these Duragold hoops are a timeless accessory crafted with quality and precision. The stand-out size, yet classic design allow these hoops to be dressed up or down, matching her personal style.\tThe Duragold collection offers hoop earrings and chain necklaces created entirely of 14k gold, which is the threshold of karat gold jewelry in the United States. The Duragold collection was created for the discerning individual who wants the finest gold jewelry that is available in the marketplace today. Duragold earrings and necklaces are lustrous and available in both yellow and white gold. All pieces constructed in the Duragold collection use premium materials from the rich alloys; the attention to detail is obvious in the classic designs and durable closures and findings. The earrings in the Duragold collection are constructed with a unique and patented alloy resisting denting or scratching and are hypoallergenic. The Duragold earring collection includes the time-honored classic hoop earring in all sizes and millimeters in both yellow and white gold. In addition, the selection also houses double high-polished two-tone crossover hoops, shiny polished hoops, hand diamond -cut hoops and gorgeous three-colored hoops that incorporate all the stunning yellow, white and pink colors of solid gold. The Duragold hoop earrings collection offers pieces to start your basic 14k gold collection as well as pieces to add a little drama and sparkle to your life. A 14k Duragold earring in any color or shape is always appropriate, easily wearable and glows with the radiance of solid gold. The basic chains in the Duragold collection are varied and diverse. Lightweight and delicate, the Singapore chain and Box chain are perfect to enhance your favorite collectibles while solid, handmade rope chains are substantial and timeless. The Snake chain is smooth and supple, and allows pendants to glide effortlessly on or off while hanging smoothly when worn. The Perfectina chain is just like it sounds: perfect. This or a hollow rope chain is an affordable way to display your favorite pendants. The chain necklaces offered in the Duragold collection are available in various lengths to accommodate a pendant, a neckline or your own personal style. Lengths start out at the 16 choker length, and continue into the classic 18or 20 as well as several styles available in the hard-to-find 24 and 30. The chains in the Duragold collection can be found in the traditional yellow gold or the more modern and fashionable white gold. Wherever your 14k gold search leads you, you are sure to find just the right piece of Duragold jewelry to add to your collection. Be confident that when you give a piece from the Duragold collection, your gift has the highest quality in design and materials. The designers of the Duragold collection are always working on new pieces and collections, so please check back often for new additions and designs. Remember: nothing shines like Duragold. Learn More About Precious Metal Jewelry: Visit our Education GuideThe Amazon Curated CollectionDiscover the Amazon Curated Collection   of fine and fashion jewelry.  The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs.This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazons staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazons high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental US on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee.The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If youre not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the US if you return your purchase within 30 days.Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection.", "product/productId": "B0000B35G6"}
{"product/description": "A classic hoop earring she will enjoy wearing day after day, the Duragold 14k White Gold Hoop Earrings are a wardrobe staple. These 0.8\" diameter hoops will securely stay in place with their click-top closure. Made entirely of 14k white gold, these Duragold hoops are a timeless accessory crafted with quality and precision. The stand-out size, yet classic design allow these hoops to be dressed up or down, matching her personal style.\tThe Duragold collection offers hoop earrings and chain necklaces created entirely of 14k gold, which is the threshold of karat gold jewelry in the United States. The Duragold collection was created for the discerning individual who wants the finest gold jewelry that is available in the marketplace today. Duragold earrings and necklaces are lustrous and available in both yellow and white gold. All pieces constructed in the Duragold collection use premium materials from the rich alloys; the attention to detail is obvious in the classic designs and durable closures and findings. The earrings in the Duragold collection are constructed with a unique and patented alloy resisting denting or scratching and are hypoallergenic. The Duragold earring collection includes the time-honored classic hoop earring in all sizes and millimeters in both yellow and white gold. In addition, the selection also houses double high-polished two-tone crossover hoops, shiny polished hoops, hand diamond -cut hoops and gorgeous three-colored hoops that incorporate all the stunning yellow, white and pink colors of solid gold. The Duragold hoop earrings collection offers pieces to start your basic 14k gold collection as well as pieces to add a little drama and sparkle to your life. A 14k Duragold earring in any color or shape is always appropriate, easily wearable and glows with the radiance of solid gold. The basic chains in the Duragold collection are varied and diverse. Lightweight and delicate, the Singapore chain and Box chain are perfect to enhance your favorite collectibles while solid, handmade rope chains are substantial and timeless. The Snake chain is smooth and supple, and allows pendants to glide effortlessly on or off while hanging smoothly when worn. The Perfectina chain is just like it sounds: perfect. This or a hollow rope chain is an affordable way to display your favorite pendants. The chain necklaces offered in the Duragold collection are available in various lengths to accommodate a pendant, a neckline or your own personal style. Lengths start out at the 16 choker length, and continue into the classic 18or 20 as well as several styles available in the hard-to-find 24 and 30. The chains in the Duragold collection can be found in the traditional yellow gold or the more modern and fashionable white gold. Wherever your 14k gold search leads you, you are sure to find just the right piece of Duragold jewelry to add to your collection. Be confident that when you give a piece from the Duragold collection, your gift has the highest quality in design and materials. The designers of the Duragold collection are always working on new pieces and collections, so please check back often for new additions and designs. Remember: nothing shines like Duragold. Learn More About Precious Metal Jewelry: Visit our Education GuideThe Amazon Curated CollectionDiscover the Amazon Curated Collection   of fine and fashion jewelry.  The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs.This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazons staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazons high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental US on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee.The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If youre not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the US if you return your purchase within 30 days.Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection.", "product/productId": "B0000B35GE"}
{"product/description": "Italian Nickel Free Sterling Silver Rope Chain Necklace.Classic and traditional Italian styling, this chain gracefully stands alone or can beautifully enhance a sterling silver pendant or charm from our extensive collection. Combine several lengths and widths for a stylish layered look. Lobster claw clasp makes wearing or taking off a breeze. Polished links form a rope which easily moves with your movement and catches the light at every angle.  * Stamped 925 * Made in Italy (stamped) * lobster claw claspChains will be shipped in a FREE gift box making it easy for you to surprise your special someone.Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!", "product/productId": "B000F22F6A"}
{"product/description": "Genuine .925 Sterling Silver Ring. Eternity band in Sterling Silver. Great piece must have for any Silver Lady. Rhodium coating on the band will protect it from tarnishingMulti color stones make this band a good to go with almost any color outfit you haveWe ship rings in beautiful Ring Box.Ring will be shipped in a Free gift box making it easy for you to surprise your special someone. Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!", "product/productId": "B000GWQKW4"}
{"product/description": "The Sterling Silver 12mm Italian Mesh Bracelet creates the look of luxury at an affordable price. A sterling silver mesh band will shine on any wrist. Its lobster-claw clasp finishes the bracelet and creates an industrial look, making it an appropriate accessory for day or night. This bracelet encompasses the quality and sophistication of all Italian-made jewelry.\tHistoryExperts believe that silver alloy, used today as sterling silver, originated in continental Europe in the 12th century. Pure silver was found to be a soft and easily damageable material. When combined with other metals, most commonly cooper; it produced a tougher material that could be heavily relied on. Throughout the next few centuries, sterling silver was used as currency and household items. It was often used as silverware and became the material used in a proper table setting between 1840 and 1940 throughout the United States and Europe. Because of this popularity, silver companies began to grown. During this craze, companies began to experiment using sterling silver compositions in jewelry as it was a material that was easy to mold into intricate designs and gave a luxurious look with its metallic finish. Today, sterling silver is widely used in all kinds of jewelry styles and shines as beautifully as other precious metals, with the benefit of affordable pricing.Sterling Silver CompositionWhile pure silver can be combined with many different types of metals, sterling silver is created when combining pure silver with copper. Sterling silver jewelry can be composed with different amounts of copper but is most often seen with the .925 stamp, meaning that the composition is of 92.5 percent silver and 7.5 percent copper. This has been found to be a good combination for maintaining the silvers durability without harming its sparkle.Caring For Your Sterling Silver JewelrySilver should not come into contact with harsh household chemicals such as bleach, ammonia, or chlorine. To avoid scratches, store silver in a lined jewelry box or pouch, as it is prone to tarnish as it naturally reacts with sulfur or hydrogen sulfide in the air. Cleaning and wearing silver jewelry regularly will prevent this and help maintain its shine. Immediately upon noticing any discoloration, use a gentle polish made specifically for removing tarnish. Learn More About Precious Metal Jewelry: Visit our Education GuideThe Amazon Curated CollectionDiscover the Amazon Curated Collection   of fine and fashion jewelry.  The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs.This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazons staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazons high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental US on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee.The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If youre not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the US if you return your purchase within 30 days.Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection.", "product/productId": "B0009KNC5Q"}
{"product/description": "Sterling Silver Pink Crystal Butterfly Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements.It comes with Secure Sterling Silver Friction back Post findings.We offer this adorable piece at an incredible Price.Length of this Earrings is 1 Inch Long.Earrings will be shipped in a FREE gift box making it easy for you to surprise your special someone. Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!", "product/productId": "B000PP4NO4"}
{"product/description": "Very cool pendant, it's actually composed of two pieces. You may wear them together, separate as different pendants, or give one to a friend/lover to share with you (note: separation requires new chains/necklaces). Highly detailed. This piece is a brand new fine crafted pewter pendant necklace. One piece has the shiny silvery finish, one piece has the blackish finish. It is made from the highest quality 100% pewter inside and out. Nickle-free. Comes ready to wear with jewelry black rope necklaces or you could put them on your favorite chain(s).", "product/productId": "B000BBH0TW"}
{"product/description": "ColorJewelers describe the color of a gemstone in terms of three characteristics: hue, saturation, and tone. A gemstone's basic color is its hue, and those with purer hues (for emeralds, green; for sapphires, blue; and for rubies, red) are generally considered more valuable. Often, however, a hint of another color can be detected. Saturation is a measure of the intensity or purity of a gem's hue and is determined by the degree to which gray or brown hues mute its defining color. Value tends to increase with saturation, so a fully saturated purplish blue sapphire may well be more expensive than a muted pure blue one. The tone of a gemstone, a measurement of its lightness or darkness, is usually given as light, medium-light, medium, medium-dark, or dark.ClarityA flawless gemstone is rare and expensive. As with diamonds, most gemstones have inclusions, or tiny mineral flaws, that can be seen under magnification or by the careful eye. Make sure that any inclusions in the stone do not penetrate deeply into the gem, as this may cause it to break or crack. Clarity grades range from VVS (very, very slightly included) to I3, in which inclusions are prominent and severely affect the gemstone's beauty.CutA gemstone's cut refers to its proportions and symmetry. In making a gemstone look appealing--the stone should be symmetrical in all dimensions so that it will appear balanced, and that its facets will reflect light evenly. Color should also be taken into account when cutting for optical efficiency. If a stone's color is highly saturated, a shallow cut will allow it to pass more light, while a deeper cut may increase the vividness of a less saturated gem. There is no generally accepted grading system for gemstone cut.SizeThough a gemstone's weight is usually given in carats, this may not give an accurate idea of its size, because different types of stone have different densities. Therefore, a 1-carat sapphire or ruby will be smaller than a 1-carat emerald, though they have the same weight, because sapphires and rubies (both a form of the mineral corundum) are more dense than emeralds.Gemstones can also be measured in dimensions (diameter, length, and width). It is important to know the dimensions to ensure that the gemstone weight will be visible and well-proportioned in the setting.Gemstone TreatmentGemstones are often treated to enhance color and fill cracks. Please note: if a gemstone has been treated, this information will be provided in the specifications on the stone's product detail page.There are various accepted techniques, depending on the type of stone:Oils and resins are frequently used to fill surface-reaching fissures in emeralds and rubies. This process is not permanent, however; if a treated ruby or emerald is subjected to high heat, the filler may leak out of the stone. Sapphires and rubies are often heated in a kiln or furnace to enhance their color. Such heat treatment, which is considered permanent, has been used for centuries.Lightly colored sapphires may also undergo diffusion treatment. This is done by heating a stone in the presence of coloring elements such as titanium or iron, which causes a thin layer of color to be diffused into the stone's surface. Because this color layer is so thin, a diffusion-treated sapphire should not be re-polished.Gemstone CareTo clean gemstone jewelry, first wipe it with a soft cloth to remove any dirt. Emeralds require only the use of a soft cloth, as cleaners may damage these soft gems. Sapphires and rubies can be cleaned with either an ultrasonic cleaner or a solution of one part ammonia to six parts water, with a soft brush. Store your gemstone jewelry in a soft cloth pouch or jewelry case so it does not touch other pieces in your collection. As with all jewelry, normal wear and tear can loosen prongs and settings, so it is a good idea to have it checked by a professional jeweler who can make repairs as needed. Learn More About Gemstone Jewelry: Visit our Education GuideThe Amazon Curated CollectionDiscover the Amazon Curated Collection   of fine and fashion jewelry.  The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs.This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazons staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazons high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental US on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee.The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If youre not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the US if you return your purchase within 30 days.Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection.", "product/productId": "B0000AZ10F"}
{"product/description": "ColorJewelers describe the color of a gemstone in terms of three characteristics: hue, saturation, and tone. A gemstone's basic color is its hue, and those with purer hues (for emeralds, green; for sapphires, blue; and for rubies, red) are generally considered more valuable. Often, however, a hint of another color can be detected. Saturation is a measure of the intensity or purity of a gem's hue and is determined by the degree to which gray or brown hues mute its defining color. Value tends to increase with saturation, so a fully saturated purplish blue sapphire may well be more expensive than a muted pure blue one. The tone of a gemstone, a measurement of its lightness or darkness, is usually given as light, medium-light, medium, medium-dark, or dark.ClarityA flawless gemstone is rare and expensive. As with diamonds, most gemstones have inclusions, or tiny mineral flaws, that can be seen under magnification or by the careful eye. Make sure that any inclusions in the stone do not penetrate deeply into the gem, as this may cause it to break or crack. Clarity grades range from VVS (very, very slightly included) to I3, in which inclusions are prominent and severely affect the gemstone's beauty.CutA gemstone's cut refers to its proportions and symmetry. In making a gemstone look appealing--the stone should be symmetrical in all dimensions so that it will appear balanced, and that its facets will reflect light evenly. Color should also be taken into account when cutting for optical efficiency. If a stone's color is highly saturated, a shallow cut will allow it to pass more light, while a deeper cut may increase the vividness of a less saturated gem. There is no generally accepted grading system for gemstone cut.SizeThough a gemstone's weight is usually given in carats, this may not give an accurate idea of its size, because different types of stone have different densities. Therefore, a 1-carat sapphire or ruby will be smaller than a 1-carat emerald, though they have the same weight, because sapphires and rubies (both a form of the mineral corundum) are more dense than emeralds.Gemstones can also be measured in dimensions (diameter, length, and width). It is important to know the dimensions to ensure that the gemstone weight will be visible and well-proportioned in the setting.Gemstone TreatmentGemstones are often treated to enhance color and fill cracks. Please note: if a gemstone has been treated, this information will be provided in the specifications on the stone's product detail page.There are various accepted techniques, depending on the type of stone:Oils and resins are frequently used to fill surface-reaching fissures in emeralds and rubies. This process is not permanent, however; if a treated ruby or emerald is subjected to high heat, the filler may leak out of the stone. Sapphires and rubies are often heated in a kiln or furnace to enhance their color. Such heat treatment, which is considered permanent, has been used for centuries.Lightly colored sapphires may also undergo diffusion treatment. This is done by heating a stone in the presence of coloring elements such as titanium or iron, which causes a thin layer of color to be diffused into the stone's surface. Because this color layer is so thin, a diffusion-treated sapphire should not be re-polished.Gemstone CareTo clean gemstone jewelry, first wipe it with a soft cloth to remove any dirt. Emeralds require only the use of a soft cloth, as cleaners may damage these soft gems. Sapphires and rubies can be cleaned with either an ultrasonic cleaner or a solution of one part ammonia to six parts water, with a soft brush. Store your gemstone jewelry in a soft cloth pouch or jewelry case so it does not touch other pieces in your collection. As with all jewelry, normal wear and tear can loosen prongs and settings, so it is a good idea to have it checked by a professional jeweler who can make repairs as needed. Learn More About Gemstone Jewelry: Visit our Education GuideThe Amazon Curated CollectionDiscover the Amazon Curated Collection   of fine and fashion jewelry.  The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs.This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazons staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazons high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental US on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee.The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If youre not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the US if you return your purchase within 30 days.Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection.", "product/productId": "B0000AZ10I"}
{"product/description": "Enchanting English Crafted Pewter Enhanced with Enamel make this \"Rosycroix\" - The Rose of Immortality Pendant from the world of Myth, Legend, and Fantasy a Delightful Gift for Anyone! The inside of the box has information on the meaning of this pendant. This Gothic Galraedia Pendant is said to give Youthfulness and Immortality to anyone who dares to wear it.", "product/productId": "B0002Z7NHQ"}
{"product/description": "A chemical-free way to clean valuables, the Haier ultrasonic cleaner uses water and 42,000 energy waves per second to spruce up glasses, jewelry, dentures, and more. The 35-watt unit features solid state circuitry beneath a sealed stainless-steel tank that holds up to one pint of water at a time. Cleaning calls for simple tap water, and basic on/off buttons set the machine in motion.  Haier includes an automatic three-minute timer, a transparent hinged lid, and an indicator light to help you track progress. The cleaners white plastic housing is easy to pick up and wipe-down. It measures 8 by 5-1/2 by 5 inches. --Emily Bedard\tHaier HU335S Ultrasonic Cleaner", "product/productId": "B0000BVGNJ"}
{"product/description": "Made in Sterling Silver Ring. You could see Sterling printed in every band.This Plain, simple Wedding band is brought to you at a great price. Compare with any local store prices and you will realize it. Casted with quality.purchased using buy it now. No size changing after the fact please.Ring will be shipped in a Free gift box making it easy for you to surprise your special someone. Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!", "product/productId": "B0007KMUUQ"}
{"product/description": "Crystal Clear Round-Cut Cubic Zirconia and Sterling Silver Wedding/Engagement Set.Four smaller crystal clear cubic zirconia stones highlight the central prong-set solitaire to provide a timeless classic look. The two pieces intertwine closely to keep the set not wide. High prong settings for all the stones give a higher profile and add visual height and interest. * Stamped 925* Rhodium plated for a white gold-like finish* 8mm stone* Approximately 2mm wide for each band giving a total of approximately 5mm in total widthRing will be shipped in a Free gift box making it easy for you to surprise your special someone.Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!", "product/productId": "B000MQ96CK"}
{"product/description": "These are perfect little jewelry \"helpers\". Simply clip the lobster claw onto your existing necklace/bracelet and clip your necklace's/bracelet's closure onto the chain. Now, you can wear the same necklace in the summer as well as over a sweater in the winter.. Or give you that little bit of room to make something more comfy... Thousands of sets sold. It's that easy.", "product/productId": "B000S11SOS"}
{"product/description": "ColorJewelers describe the color of a gemstone in terms of three characteristics: hue, saturation, and tone. A gemstone's basic color is its hue, and those with purer hues (for emeralds, green; for sapphires, blue; and for rubies, red) are generally considered more valuable. Often, however, a hint of another color can be detected. Saturation is a measure of the intensity or purity of a gem's hue and is determined by the degree to which gray or brown hues mute its defining color. Value tends to increase with saturation, so a fully saturated purplish blue sapphire may well be more expensive than a muted pure blue one. The tone of a gemstone, a measurement of its lightness or darkness, is usually given as light, medium-light, medium, medium-dark, or dark.ClarityA flawless gemstone is rare and expensive. As with diamonds, most gemstones have inclusions, or tiny mineral flaws, that can be seen under magnification or by the careful eye. Make sure that any inclusions in the stone do not penetrate deeply into the gem, as this may cause it to break or crack. Clarity grades range from VVS (very, very slightly included) to I3, in which inclusions are prominent and severely affect the gemstone's beauty.CutA gemstone's cut refers to its proportions and symmetry. In making a gemstone look appealing--the stone should be symmetrical in all dimensions so that it will appear balanced, and that its facets will reflect light evenly. Color should also be taken into account when cutting for optical efficiency. If a stone's color is highly saturated, a shallow cut will allow it to pass more light, while a deeper cut may increase the vividness of a less saturated gem. There is no generally accepted grading system for gemstone cut.SizeThough a gemstone's weight is usually given in carats, this may not give an accurate idea of its size, because different types of stone have different densities. Therefore, a 1-carat sapphire or ruby will be smaller than a 1-carat emerald, though they have the same weight, because sapphires and rubies (both a form of the mineral corundum) are more dense than emeralds.Gemstones can also be measured in dimensions (diameter, length, and width). It is important to know the dimensions to ensure that the gemstone weight will be visible and well-proportioned in the setting.Gemstone TreatmentGemstones are often treated to enhance color and fill cracks. Please note: if a gemstone has been treated, this information will be provided in the specifications on the stone's product detail page.There are various accepted techniques, depending on the type of stone:Oils and resins are frequently used to fill surface-reaching fissures in emeralds and rubies. This process is not permanent, however; if a treated ruby or emerald is subjected to high heat, the filler may leak out of the stone. Sapphires and rubies are often heated in a kiln or furnace to enhance their color. Such heat treatment, which is considered permanent, has been used for centuries.Lightly colored sapphires may also undergo diffusion treatment. This is done by heating a stone in the presence of coloring elements such as titanium or iron, which causes a thin layer of color to be diffused into the stone's surface. Because this color layer is so thin, a diffusion-treated sapphire should not be re-polished.Gemstone CareTo clean gemstone jewelry, first wipe it with a soft cloth to remove any dirt. Emeralds require only the use of a soft cloth, as cleaners may damage these soft gems. Sapphires and rubies can be cleaned with either an ultrasonic cleaner or a solution of one part ammonia to six parts water, with a soft brush. Store your gemstone jewelry in a soft cloth pouch or jewelry case so it does not touch other pieces in your collection. As with all jewelry, normal wear and tear can loosen prongs and settings, so it is a good idea to have it checked by a professional jeweler who can make repairs as needed. Learn More About Gemstone Jewelry: Visit our Education GuideThe Amazon Curated CollectionDiscover the Amazon Curated Collection   of fine and fashion jewelry.  The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs.This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazons staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazons high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental US on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee.The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If youre not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the US if you return your purchase within 30 days.Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection.", "product/productId": "B000NGMO8W"}
{"product/description": "Traditional endless knot design elements at either side complete this classic and timeless look. Slim, elongated marquise cut with distinctive pointed tips accentuate the finger without obscuring it. The tapered shape of the beautiful amethyst gemstone is repeated in the endless knot accent designs, gently holding it at either end. Timeless and unforgettable, this piece is characteristic of the graphical representation of knots used by the ancient Celts to ornament and decorate everyday and ritual objects. Wear this piece to carry on the traditions of past ancestors or to celebrate the artistic customs of a culture you appreciate and admire. * Stamped 925 * Length of entire design approximately 20mm* Width of band approximately 2mm* Width of central stone design element including bezel approximately 10mm.The ring will be shipped in a FREE gift box making it easy for you to surprise that special someone.Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue, your source for unique sterling silver and crystal jewelry on the cheap!", "product/productId": "B000Q8LNAM"}
{"product/description": "Just when you thought Sony Ericsson phones couldn't get any cooler, the s710a comes along, sporting an elegant, rotating design, support for high speed data networks, and a powerful integrated camera. Add these to a jumbo screen, Bluetooth, and support for expandable memory, and you've got one serious contender in the race to deliver the coolest of the cool in the high-end phone category. Design                                      Click the image to get a closer look at the s710a's  features.   The s710a's swiveling design means that the keypad is only revealed when you need it. Because of this design, the phone more resembles a digital camera, with a massive 240 x 320 display on one side and a pronounced camera system on the other. There's even a grip on the back for holding the phone sideways when capturing photos. The camera unit, which is protected by a lens cover, features 1280 x 960 resolution (1.3 megapixel), as well as an LED flash. Meanwhile, a five-way directional button on the front of the device controls most of the phone's menus and features. A Memory Stick DUO slot is provided on the right side for easy memory expansion, and the phone ships with a 32 MB card included. In addition to USB and Bluetooth connectivity, the s710a also has an infrared receiver for data synchronization. Calling Features The s710a's phone book can hold up to 510 contacts with multiple entries per contact. A call list remembers your most recent missed, received and dialed calls. The phone's voice activated dialing makes calling up to 50 of your contacts as easy as saying their names, while the built-in speakerphone makes it easy to talk without having the phone to your ear. Polyphonic ringtones are included and there's even a bundled application that lets you mix your own ringtones with up to 16 tracks. Picture caller ID lets you assign a photo to specific callers. Similarly, a ringer ID lets you assign ringtones to callers. For those times you want to keep things discreet, there's a vibrate ringer mode.                                     It's a 1.3 megapixel camera!                          No, wait, it's a media viewer with a massive 2.3-inch screen.                         Oh my gosh! It's also a phone!       Because the s710a is Bluetooth-enabled, you can use a variety of headsets and handsfree kits for total wireless freedom when you're on the go. Messaging, Internet and Tools If you're looking for a mobile office partner, the s710a has you covered. Support is built in for sending and receiving pictures, text, graphics, sound and video via SMS or MMS messages. When used in combination with the phone's built-in still and video camera, MMS opens up a whole new world of messaging possibilities. Instant messaging is also supported and the phone ships with a built-in email client with support for POP3, IMAP4 and SMTP protocols (Cingular messaging charges apply). Cingular has generously pre-configured email account settings for BellSouth, SBC, and Earthlink. There's also a built-in Web browser for MEdia downloads and mobile web browsing. Cingular's MEdia service lets you receive and send emails, read news headlines, get weather updates, download games and ringtones, and more. T9 text entry, a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit-- a plus for mobile email and text messaging users. Getting on the Internet is easy with the s710a, as it supports the GPRS protocol, as well as the new, high speed EDGE data protocol. When used with a Cingular data plan and the phone's Bluetooth or USB data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and PDAs. Enjoy broadband speeds in EDGE-enabled service areas. A number of handy software tools are bundled with the s710a, including a voice memo recorder, a calculator, a calendar and an alarm clock. Use the s710a's Bluetooth capability to set up a wireless link with a Bluetooth accessory or connect to a computer or hand-held device to exchange and synchronize data. The phone also supports the SyncML PC synchronization standard. This means the phone can be used with the included Sony Ericsson Sync Station software, which lets you synchronize your Microsoft Outlook calendar, contacts, notes and tasks with your s710a. Imaging and Entertainment  As mentioned, the phone sports a powerful 1.3 megapixel camera and flash. The camera also features an 8x zoom capability, as well as support for video capture. You can capture as much video as you like, as long as there is available memory. The s710a is a powerful gaming companion, too, with support for enhanced, Java-based 3D gaming. The phone comes preloaded with several games and more are downloadable from both Sony Ericsson and Cingular's MEdia service. Lastly, the s710a has a nifty MP3 player, so you can load up your memory card and listen to tunes while you're on the go. Vital Statistics  The Sony Ericsson s710a weighs 4.83 ounces and measures 4.23 x 1.93 x .96 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 7 hours of digital talk time, and up to 300 hours of digital standby time. It runs on the GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850/1800/1900 frequencies. The phone comes with a one year limited warranty. What's in the Box s710a handset, lithium-ion battery, travel charger, user's manual, application software.\tS710a opens a world of true mobile digital imaging. A 1.3 megapixel digital camera and smart swivel-action mobile phone in one stylish device. In horizontal mode, you have the perfect camera. Vertically held, it has the look, feel and satisfaction of a mini organizer, phone, gaming and messaging device. Open the S710a and the keypad is there where you need it. Connect with Bluetooth. Store more with Memory Stick Duo.  S710a adds true imaging to your lifestyle, and QuickShare makes it easy. The S710a takes advantage of EDGE technology, which provides fast access to wireless data, content downloads, messaging and interactive online gaming.", "product/productId": "B0006I2J96"}
{"product/description": "Overview   Compatible with Cingular cell phone service, the lightweight LG C1300 features a built-in mobile Internet minibrowser, Java compatibility, MMS, and plenty of other phone and organizer features, all displayed on a high-resolution 128 x 128 pixel, 65k color screen.   Calling Features Used simply as a phone, the C1300's primary calling features include vibrating alert, voice dialing, group ringer ID, picture ID, 40-chord polyphonic ring tones, and more. LG also supports TTY/TDD (Telecommunication Device for the Deaf).  Messaging and Internet  The phone's WAP microbrowser technology provides Internet access and high-speed data transmission, as well as text, picture, and instant messaging; e-mail; and T9 predictive text input and text templates. Since the C1300 is Java-compatible, you can also download Java-based applications and games to expand the phone's functionality.  Organizer and more  The phone's organizer features include voice memo, a phone book with up to 255 contacts; calendar, a calculator with unit converter, and an alarm clock that can function while the phone is off.   Vital Statistics   This phone weighs 2.84 ounces and measures 3.19 x 1.69 x 0.82 inches. Its Lithium Ion batteries are rated at up to 3.4 hours digital talk time, and up to 240 hours digital standby time.", "product/productId": "B0002DFW2Q"}
{"product/description": "Get the ultimate in flexibility and functionality for mounting your mobile device. The windshield mounts 360 rotating head adds even more versatility to the Grip-iT holder, allowing easy mounting to any windshield while providing a secure base for most mobile devices. Works with most popular GPS, Smartphones, iPod/iPhones and Satellite Radio models. Includes 1 year warranty.", "product/productId": "B000BYPLVI"}
{"product/description": "Model Compatible-Palm Tungsten T5, E2, TX, Treo 650", "product/productId": "B000I1D2M4"}
{"product/description": "OEM ORGINAL Sony Ericsson CLA-60 Car Charger Cigarette Lighter Adapter for J100a J220a K510a K550i K790a M600i P990i W200a W300i W580i W600 W610i W660i W710i W712a W800 W810i W880i W950i Z520a Z525a Z550a Z710i Z750i", "product/productId": "B000PYRUT0"}
{"product/description": "The Plantronics Explorer 350 is a sleek, lightweight headset that fuses Bluetooth wireless technology with effortless call control for a true hands-free experience. The Explorer 350 headset is easy to use and incorporates all call features--volume, answer/end call, last-number redial, and voice-activated dialing--into one single button. Delivering up to eight hours of talk time and convenient in-car accessories for charging and stowing, the Explorer 350 lets you keep your headset handy and charged while you are on the go.", "product/productId": "B000HBMP9Q"}
{"product/description": "Finally a BlackBerry 8800 Holster that's fashionable enough for the boardroom and comfortable enough for long trips in the car or plane! This BlackBerry 8800 Leather Swivel Holster offers you the best of both worlds.  Finished in premium lambskin leather and featuring a convenient swivel clip, the BlackBerry Leather Lambskin Swivel Holster offers unparalleled comfort and elegance. Featuring a built-in proximity sensor, this holster knows when your BlackBerry 8800 is in place and automatically shuts off the screen in order to help maximize battery life. This technology also allows you to choose different notification settings for incoming calls, emails, and other functions based on whether your device is in or out of the holster. This holster also features a magnetic closure.", "product/productId": "B000OEMJ0G"}
{"product/description": "Boasting support for Verizon Wireless' exclusive V Cast mobile content service, which is powered by EV-DO high-speed data technology, the RAZR V3m is the best RAZR yet from Verizon Wireless. The V3m also features a microSD/TransFlash memory card slot, a 1.3 megapixel camera, and a lot more goodies. But the big news is that the V3m supports Verizon Wireless' exciting music service, which lets you discover and jam out to tunes wherever you roam.    The RAZR V3m sports a sleek metal construction with precision cut number keys. Learn more about the phone.  Design The RAZR V3m's design takes the standard clamshell form factor to the next level with an impressive, fully-anodized aluminum construction. A large 176 x 220 color display with 65,000 colors dominates the inside of the top cover. The outside cover of the handset sports a supplementary 96 x 80 full-color display that can display caller ID pictures, time, call information, battery and signal strength, and more. The 1.3 megapixel camera lens is housed above this display. Up/down buttons are placed on the left side for volume control. Most of the phone's features and on-screen menus are controlled by a five-way center button on the handset's backlit control pad, which is precision cut from a single sheet of nickel-plated copper alloy. A charging port and USB data cable port is placed on the bottom of the phone. The RAZR V3m also features 30 MB of embedded memory for storing pictures, videos and downloaded V Cast content, and you can expand your storage space with the phone's microSD/TransFlash memory card slot. Note that the phone does not have a 2.5mm headset jack, but a headset adapter is included in the box. Calling Features The RAZR V3m's internal phone book can hold up to 1000 contacts while the phone's picture ID system allows you to assign pictures to your most common callers. It also supports polyphonic ringtones as well as MP3 ringers, allowing you to use portions of your favorite songs to alert you to incoming calls. A number of ringtones come preloaded on the phone and more ringtones can be downloaded from Verizon Wireless' Get It Now service. For times when you want to be discreet, there's a vibrating alert. A built-in speakerphone makes it easy to talk without having the phone to your ear while voice activated dialing makes calling your friends, family and associates as easy as saying their names. Speaker-independent technology allows any speaker to dial numbers with the voice dialing system. And because the RAZR V3m is Bluetooth enabled, wireless headsets can be configured with the phone for total handsfree operation. Messaging, Internet, and Tools The RAZR V3m is a messaging and wireless Internet powerhouse. Support is built in for sending and receiving pictures, text, graphics, sound and video via messages. When used in combination with the phone's built-in still and video camera, MMS opens up a whole new world of messaging fun. There's also a built-in web browser for Verizon Mobile Web downloads and mobile web browsing. Verizon's optional Mobile Web package allows you to read and send e-mails and view your favorite web content on your phone. You can trade stocks online, compare prices while shopping, access flight information, get movie listings and find directions to the theater. iTap text entry, which is a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit-- a plus for mobile email and text messaging users.    Sleek and powerful: The RAZR V3m supports Verizon Wireless' amazing V Cast service, including V Cast Music. Learn more about V Cast Music.  With support for the EV-DO high-speed data standard, the RAZR V3m is fully compatible with Verizon's V Cast service. With V Cast, you can download and stream high-quality video. Need news and weather? Get the latest Accuweather forecast delivered right to your handset, or stream CNN news headlines. ESPN sports updates, entertainment news from E!, and even Sesame Street content for the kids, are all available. V Cast also serves as a portal for enhanced 3D games, allowing you to have more fun with a new breed of realistic titles. Verizon's music service is another EV-DO-powered service that makes the V3m all the more desirable. With V Cast Music, your phone is a music player, letting you jam out wherever you are. It's also a music store, and you can download songs instantly to your phone wirelessly. Save your songs to a memory card with a capacity that's right for you. You can even pause to take a call without missing a beat. A number of handy software tools are bundled with the RAZR V3m including a voice memo recorder, a calculator with currency converter, a calendar and an alarm clock. The phone supports the SyncML PC synchronization standard, which can be used with Motorola's Mobile Phone Tools PC application to manage and synchronize contacts, calendar and other data with your PC. Imaging and Entertainment  The RAZR V3m's 1.3 megapixel camera bridges the gap between phones and quality digital cameras. The camera is also designed to capture video, and there are night and self-timer functions. Embedded animated screensavers and full screen wallpapers are built-in so you can set up the RAZR V3m to suit your tastes. The RAZR V3m supports V Cast 3D games, as well as other 2D-based games, which are available from Verizon's Get It Now service. EV-DO Wireless Broadband Coverage Learn more about where EV-DO coverage is offered. Vital Statistics  The Motorola RAZR V3m weighs 3.49 ounces and measures 3.90 x 2.10 x .57 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 3.33 hours of digital talk time, and up to 325 hours of digital standby time. It runs on the CDMA 850/CDMA 1900 frequencies. The phone comes with a one year limited warranty.  Note: The RAZR V3m supports the wireless headset and handsfree Bluetooth profiles, as well as serial port and dial up networking. It does not support Bluetooth object transfer (OBEX) profiles.", "product/productId": "B000G7LWRM"}
{"product/description": "An update to the venerable Bluespoon AX, the Bluespoon AX2 still sports the easy-to-use features and affordability of its predecessor, but adds longer standby and talktime.     Comfortable...      ...And stylish, with excellent clarity and range.   Comfortable, stylish, and intelligently designed, the AX2 frees you up to multi-task and talk whenever, and wherever you please.   Weighing in at only .35-ounces, the AX2 is comfortable and light enough for all day wear. The soft tip back piece turns 360 degrees to accommodate both left and right ear users, and the speaker and soft spring are incorporated into a single soft silicone unit, helping to keep the AX2 light and portable. You'll immediately notice the headset's unprecedented clarity and sound quality. These are great features, but the real revolution involves Nextlink's high efficiency 2.4 GHz antenna, with very long range. Tired of your current Bluetooth headset always cutting out, picking up other signals, or dropping calls because of poor range? The AX2's crystal-clear reception and impressive range will not let you down, and maybe most importantly, the AX2 is surprisingly affordable.   A 3-button interface controls the functionality of AX2; a large multifunctional button is placed on top of the headset, and two smaller ones are placed on the sides, making the unit extremely versatile and convenient for right- or left-handed use. Support for both Bluetooth V.1.1 and V.1.2 Headset and Handsfree profiles ensures compatibility with a wide range of Bluetooth devices. And because the AX2 can be paired with eight different Bluetooth devices, and supports a talktime battery life of up to eight hours, and standby time of up to 1500 hours, it is the perfect Bluetooth headset solution for personal or professional use.\tBluespoon AX weighs less than an ounce, uses the latest Li-ion battery technology and a high-efficiency 2.4GHz antenna, with very long range. A multifunctional button is placed on top of the headset, and two smaller ones are placed on the sides. Soft-tip back piece turns 360 to accommodate both left- and right-ear users. The battery recharges via the mini-USB port on the headset (PC and MAC compatible).", "product/productId": "B000F1UQWQ"}
{"product/description": "With the Jabra C150 hands-free conversations on your mobile phone really couldnt be easier or more enjoyable. The C150 headset discreetly allows you to talk on the move, combining excellent audio performance with a compact design incorporating a stylish integral boom microphone.", "product/productId": "B0006J419Q"}
{"product/description": "If you're looking for superior multimedia capability wherever you go, look no further than the LG CU500, one of Cingular's first 3G flip phones. This quad-band world phone with domestic UMTS and HSDPA capabilities will allow you to download data at speeds only dreamed of before. In fact, because the CU500 supports the HSDPA protocol for high-speed data transfer, you'll be able to stream TV, video, and more, straight to the CU500.    Take advantage of Cingular's 3G data network with the CU500. See a phone demonstration.  Other key features include support for a Bluetooth stereo headset, an advanced MP3 player with music ID, and a 1.3 megapixel camera. Packaged in a stylish black clamshell design, the CU500 phone is the ultimate multimedia device, and the perfect complement to Cingular wireless service. Design The CU500 design takes the standard clamshell form factor to the next level with its impressive media and data capabilities while maintaining a stylish and cool exterior. A large 176 x 220 color display with over 65,000 colors dominates the inside of the top cover. The outside cover of the handset sports a supplementary 96 x 96 full-color display that can display pictures, time, call information, battery and signal strength, and more. Convenient music player control buttons reside just below the external screen, and the 1.3 megapixel camera lens is housed above this display while most of the phone's features and on-screen menus are controlled by a five-way center button on the handset's backlit control pad. A USB data port is provided, as is a microSD/TransFlash memory card slot. Lastly, the internal antenna is safely tucked away, keeping the phone's design compact and portable.     Calling Features The CU500's internal phone book can hold up to 500 contacts while the phone's picture ID system allows you to assign pictures to your most common callers. It also supports 72-chord polyphonic ringtones, and comes stock with 10 unique ringtones built right into the unit, while more ringtones can be downloaded from Cingular Wireless' MEdia Net service. For times when you want to be discreet, there's a vibrating alert, and a built-in full-duplex speakerphone makes it easy to talk without having the phone to your ear. Meanwhile, voice activated dialing makes calling your friends, family, and associates as easy as saying their names. Because the CU500 is Bluetooth enabled, wireless headsets can be configured with the phone for total handsfree operation.    Enjoy Cingular Video, right on your handset.   Messaging, Internet and Tools The CU500 is a messaging and wireless Internet powerhouse. With UMTS and HSDPA support built right into the phone, you'll be streaming and downloading at speeds so fast your head will spin. Used in combination with one of Cingular's MEdia Max plans that supports Cingular Video (additional Cingular charges apply), the CU500 will allow you to play high-quality news clips, sports clips, weather clips, and more--right on your phone. And with Cingular's exclusive partnership with HBO Mobile and HBO Family Mobile, you'll never be at a loss for something good to watch. Into sending and receiving pictures, text, graphics, and sound and video via messages? When used in combination with the phone's built-in still and video cameras, MMS opens up a whole new world of messaging fun. Instant messaging is also supported via AOL Instant Messenger, MSN Messenger, Yahoo! Messenger, and ICQ (Cingular messaging charges apply). There's also a built-in web browser for MEdia Net downloads and mobile web browsing. Cingular's MEdia Net service lets you do more than just stream videos--it lets you receive and send emails, read news headlines, get weather updates, download games and ringtones, and more. T9 text entry, which is a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit--a plus for mobile email and text messaging users.   Getting on the Internet is easy with the CU500. When used with a Cingular data plan and the phone's Bluetooth or USB data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and PDAs.    Let the music play...   A number of handy software tools are bundled with the CU500 including a voice memo recorder, a calculator with a unit conversion feature, a calendar and an alarm clock. Use the phone's Bluetooth capability to set up a wireless link with a Bluetooth accessory or connect to a computer or hand-held device to exchange and synchronize data. The unit also supports USB mass storage, meaning you can use your phone as a portable hard drive--making for easy file transfer between phone and PC. The CU500 is also FOTA capable, meaning you can upgrade firmware over the air without ever having to plug your phone into anything. Imaging and Entertainment  With features like a dual speaker set for 3D sound, and stereo Bluetooth headphone capability, the CU500 shines in the entertainment department. When the feeling strikes you, jam out to your favorite music on the unit's advanced mp3 player, and because the CU500 sports a memory card slot, you can load up all your favorite music and bring it with you (memory cards sold separately). And because the phone supports MobiTV and MobiRadio, in addition to streaming video and TV, you can listen to your favorite radio station via the supported digital radio service--great for times when you feel like listening to new music (additional Cingular charges apply).  The phone's 1.3 megapixel camera features a 4x zoom, image quality options, and an auto-timer so you can be in your pictures, too. Capture stills and then send them to your friends via MMS messaging or email, or to your PC via USB or Bluetooth. The CU500 also supports custom graphics for wallpapers so you can dress up the phone to suit your fancy. Support for Java 2.0 gaming is built into the phone and games are available for download via the Cingular MEdia Net service. The CU500 also sports an airplane mode feature, which allows you to safely use the non-wireless functions of a phone (such as music, games or organizer functions) on an airplane during flight.  UMTS Wireless Broadband Coverage Learn More about where UMTS coverage is offered.   Warning: If you want to enjoy the full audio and video capabilities of your UMTS phone, please select a MEdia Max service plan option during checkout. If you do not sign up for a MEdia Max service plan option, you will be paying per KB when you use the over-the-air UMTS audio and video features on your phone (upwards of $10 per minute).   Vital Statistics  The LG CU500 weighs 3.70 ounces and measures 3.8 x 1.95 x 0.76 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 5 hours of digital talk time, and up to 240 hours of digital standby time. It features UMTS with HSDPA capability, and runs on the 850/900/1800/1900 MHz GSM/GPRS/EDGE and 850/1900 WCDMA frequencies. The phone comes with a one year limited warranty.\tHigh-speed video, rotating 1.3 megapixel camera, streaming TV, and 3D stereo sound  you want it, the CU500 has it! This fully-featured phone is the ultimate multimedia device packaged in a stylish black clamshell. The first phone of its kind, the CU500 lets you listen to music using a Bluetooth stereo headset and supports HSDPA high-speed network. If youre looking for superior multimedia capability wherever you go, look no further than the CU500.", "product/productId": "B000K2GK2A"}
{"product/description": "Sleek and stylish, this side-loading case keeps your Treo smartphone right where you need it, while providing easy access. Crafted of luxurious leather, the case also features an interior pocket for business cards, credit cards, or cash. Clip it to your belt and your Treo smartphone sits horizontally at your side, staying out of the way when you're sitting at your desk or driving. The classic belt clip attaches easily to a belt or a purse strap, and the case's magnetic closure is quick and secure. Plus, a soft khaki interior lining helps protect your Treo smartphone. This case is compatible with Treo 700p, 700w and 650 smartphones only.\tPalm Horizontal Case for Treo 650, 700", "product/productId": "B000ELUXIO"}
{"product/description": "Got a cool new Treo 650? Tired of carrying around a bunch of cords and cables with your devices? Simplify with a three-in-one kit that combines a car charger, a wall charger, and a data cable into one. By using the Treo 650's USB-compatible data and power port, the mobile data travel kit allows you to connect your Treo 650 to a PC for fast synchronization or data transfer. Or, if your Treo needs some juice, you can connect the car or wall power adapter heads for a rapid charge anywhere you need it. The travel kit is compatible with the Treo 650 or the palmOne Tungsten T5.\tThis 3-in-1 USB Travel kit conveniently allows you to charge and synchronize your phone using the same USB cord and two versatile chargers. No matter where you go, you can keep your phone powered and ready to do its job. Compatible with palmOne Treo 650 and Tungsten T5. Travel Kit includes: Vehicle charger, AC wall charger and Sync cable.", "product/productId": "B0007P4L5S"}
{"product/description": "Just plug the Instant Music into a USB port on your computer and you are ready to begin recording from any analog audio source into the most popular digital audio formats available such as MP3, WAV and WMA (Windows Media 9 Audio) and AAC. Once in a digital format you can create Audio CDs, MP3 CDs or have the audio ready to be played for your personal music enjoyment on a variety of MP3 player devices. Convert your old collection of cassettes and LPs into crisp, clear digital audio and then create audio CDs and MP3 CDs so you can keep a personal archive of your collection that will not degrade or deteriorate over time. Use the LP or Cassette to Audio CD Wizards in the included Nero SoundTrax software to go from LP to CD audio in 4 simple steps. ADS Tech respects the rights of copyright owners and asks that you do the same. Features and Benefits  Record Your Old LPs and Cassettes to Audio CD and MP3 Save music as MP3, WAV, WMA and AAC (iPod) audio formats Burn professional quality CDs Capture from any audio source: cassette, turn table, TV, radio, DVD Mac Users can use Instant Music with Garage Band or Sound Studio 2.1\tEasy Capture into Popular Music Formats Just plug the Instant Music into a USB port on your computer and you are ready to begin recording from any analog audio source into the most popular digital audio formats available such as WAV and WMA (Windows Media 9 Audio) and OGG. Once in a digital format, you can create Audio CDs and play them back on your iPod or any portable music player. You can even import your files into iTunes for playback on your iPod. Convert your old collection of cassettes and LPs into crisp, clear digital audio and keep a personal archive of your collection that will not degrade or deteriorate over time with Instant Music and Acoustica Spin It Again bundled software. ADS Tech respects the rights of copyright owners and asks that you do the same.Acoustica Spin It Again. Spin it Again is an easy to use Wizard driven software tool that allows you to quickly and easily record your old LPs and Cassette tapes to digital music files. You can save the music files on your computer and import to iTunes or other music players or create an audio CD. Spin it Again includes a simple interface to split music tracks, name tracks and tools for noise removal, declick and decrackle LP recordings. Choose to record from LP, Cassette or load an existing audio file from your hard drive. Follow the steps to record your music. Once recording is finished, detect tracks, use cleaning and effect tools, then name the tracks, add album name, artist and genre, then create audio files or an Audio CD. Spin it Again makes converting all your old tapes and LPs into digital music fast and simple.", "product/productId": "B00065AO9Q"}
{"product/description": "Compatible with T-Mobile cell phone service, the economically-priced Motorola C650 phone sports a digital VGA camera, built-in email and mini-USB port, as well as a speakerphone function, MP3 and MPEG4 playback, and more, all displayed on a high-resolution, 65,000-color CSTN screen. Calling Features                                      Click the image to get a closer look at the C650's features.   Used simply as a phone, the C650 features a 4-way joystick for easy navigation to a variety of handy features, including a dedicated voice mail button, a voice mail indicator, and call timers, redial, missed call indicator, call log, voice activated dialing, any-key answer, auto-redial, speed dial, mute control, no-answer transfer, one-touch 911, usage alert, vibrating ring, differential ring, speakerphone, picture caller ID, and a phone book capacity of 1000 entries. Messaging and Internet The phone's wireless Internet browser provides high-speed data transmission via GPRS, as well as advanced EMS messaging, which lets you send, receive and edit text, voice, and pictures (such as ones you take with the camera) to and from other compatible phones and computers. Predictive text input and text message templates round out the package, along with the ability to expand your phone's functionality by downloading Java MIDP 2.0/CLDC 1.0 applications. Organizer The Motorola C650's organizer features include a calendar, calculator, alarm clock, and voice memo, among others. Using the built-in mini-USB adaptor, you can also easily sync up data from your phone's organizer with your PC. Cameras, Fun, and Games  As mentioned above, the C650 comes with an integrated VGA digital still camera with 640 x 480 resolution and 4X digital zoom. You can view your photos on the color display, or send them to your computer or via MMS to a friend with your Internet connection. Three games come built into the phone, and many others are available for download from the Web. Also available for download are an infinite variety of MP3s for listening to on the C650's handy MP3 player. If you get tired of the faceplate, you can swap it out for another one, available separately. Vital Statistics  The Motorola C650 weighs 3.23 ounces and measures 4.04 x 1.73 x 0.77 inches. Its Lithium Ion batteries are rated at 390 minutes minimum talk time, and 200 hours minimum standby time. It runs on the GPRS at 800/1800/1900 MHz. What's in the Box Motorola C650 cell phone, charger, hands free headset\tTMOBILE MOTOROLA C650 CAMERA PHONE", "product/productId": "B0002VIV76"}
{"product/description": "This update to the popular 6101 adds one great feature that many folks today can't live without: Bluetooth. With the 6102i, now you can have the freedom of a wireless headset with this powerful, feature-packed phone -- features such as a VGA camera, a stereo FM radio, a speakerphone, EDGE high-speed data and a whole lot more. On top of all that, you get dual color displays and support for mobile instant messaging, making the 6102i a great companion for Cingular subscribers. Design The 6102i's inner LCD display sports 128 x 160 resolution and support for 65,000 colors. Meanwhile, the outside cover of the handset features a supplementary, 96 x 65, 4,000-color display that can display picture IDs, time, call information, battery and signal strength, and more. The phone's VGA (640 x 480) camera unit is placed just above this display. Up and down buttons for volume control are placed on the left side, while most of the phone's features and on-screen menus are controlled by a five-way center button on the handset's control pad. There's also an input to accept universal hands-free headsets, as well as USB and infrared ports for transferring data to and from the handset.  Calling Features The 6102i supports polyphonic ringtones, as well as MP3-, MIDI-, AMR- and True Tones-based music ringers so you can program your favorite songs to alert you of incoming calls. A number of ringtones come preloaded on the phone and more ringtones can be downloaded from Cingular's MEdia Net service. Plus, with the phone's picture ID function, you can assign pictures to your most common callers. If you want to be discreet, there's also a vibrate ringer mode. Meanwhile, voice activated dialing makes calling your friends, family and associates as easy as saying their names. The 6102i's phone book will keep track of all your contacts, and address book capacity is only limited by the phone's 3.5 MB of built-in memory. There's also an integrated speakerphone for talking hands-free and, as mentioned, the phone's Bluetooth connectivity means that your favorite Bluetooth headset is fully compatible.  Messaging, Internet and Tools The 6102i is built for powerful mobile messaging and Internet capabilities. With support for the MMS (multimedia messaging service), the phone can send picture, video and text messages (Cingular messaging charges apply). When coupled with the 6102i's camera, MMS opens up great opportunities for robust messaging. Instant messaging via AOL, Yahoo, and ICQ instant messaging services are also supported, and the phone ships with a built-in email client that supports POP3 and IMAP protocols. Getting on the Internet is easy with the 6102i, as well. It supports the GPRS data protocol, as well Cingular's high-speed EDGE wireless data service. There's also a built-in web browser for MEdia Net downloads and mobile web browsing. Cingular's MEdia Net service lets you receive and send emails, read news headlines, get weather updates, download games and ringtones, and more. T9 text entry, a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit-- a plus for mobile email and text messaging users. The 6102i also supports PC synchronization standards via USB or Bluetooth, which means you can manage and synchronize contacts, calendars and other data with your PC. Nokia's PC Suite application makes this process a breeze. Other tools include an alarm, a voice memo recorder, a calendar, and a to-do list. Imaging and Entertainment  The 6102i is designed for flexible mobile fun. The built-in VGA camera, which features a night mode for better low-light shots, captures stills and video clips (video clips are captured at 128 x 96 resolution). Meanwhile, an integrated FM radio makes it easy to tune in your favorite stations. Picture effects and custom screensavers, as well as backgrounds and themes, can be set up to fit your personality. And don't forget that the 6102i is a powerful gaming companion with support for Java-based games. Many games are downloadable via the MEdia Net service. Vital Statistics  The Nokia 6102i weighs 3.42 ounces and measures 3.35 x 1.77 x 0.94 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 3.5 hours of digital talk time, and up to 336 hours of digital standby time. It runs on the GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850/1800/1900 frequencies. The phone comes with a one year limited warranty.\tThis update to the 6101 and 6102 adds Bluetooth wireless technology to the mix. This clamshell GSM phone also includes dual color displays, VGA camera with video capture and a Gallery for storing and editing images, stereo FM radio, EDGE high-speed data, and speakerphone. True Tones, polyphonic tones, mp3 ringtones are another fun feature of this Tri-Band phone.", "product/productId": "B000FYUXRG"}
{"product/description": "The new Folding Blade Charger is the smallest and most compact travel charger for your BlackBerry device. The charger allows you to keep your device fully charged whether you're at the office, at home, or on the go. Compatible with BlackBerry 6210, 6220, 6230, 6280, 6510, 7100g, 7100i, 7100r, 7100t, 7100v, 7100x, 7105t, 7130e, 7210, 7230, 7250, 7270, 7280, 7290, 7510, 7520, 8700c", "product/productId": "B000EIVOD0"}
{"product/description": "Adapter converts the phone's own audio output into universal 3.5mm output. 3.5mm output means unlimited possibilities of device to broadcast the audio sound/music from your phone. Adapter allows connection to any 3.5mm stereo headset and portable speak", "product/productId": "B000J6FWTO"}
{"product/description": "The latest BlackBerry handheld is better than ever with a thinner profile, a huge screen, a more powerful processor, EDGE data support, and more. The BlackBerry 8700c, an integrated phone, e-mail client (with support for corporate email servers), organizer, and Web browser is the ultimate weapon for mobile professionals.    Take a closer look at the BlackBerry 8700c handheld's functions.    Design  Design-wise, the BlackBerry 8700c is a nice upgrade from BlackBerry devices of the past. Yes, the same handy trackwheel is present on the right side, and yes, you'll still find a full QWERTY keyboard. This handheld is thinner and lighter, however, and the screen is bigger and brighter than ever; the high resolution 320 x 240 LCD display supports over 65,000 colors. Plus, intelligent light-sensing technology automatically optimizes screen lighting levels for indoor and outdoor viewing. The BlackBerry 8700c also features large, dedicated Send and End keys for easier call management. The popular BlackBerry user interface is here, too, but it's been updated with a new look. Plus, a powerful Intel XScale processor, 64 MB flash memory, and 16 MB SDRAM combine to deliver a dynamic, highly responsive experience when viewing attachments and graphics, browsing the Web, and running applications. There's also a standard 2.5mm headset jack that can be used with the included headset, and a removable lithium-ion battery is housed in the rear of the handheld.  Calling Features  Many of the calling capabilities folks have come to expect in a wireless phone are present, but the BlackBerry 8700c ups the ante with MP3 ringtones. Plus, the built-in speakerphone offers hands-free calling and convenient conference calls. The handheld's Bluetooth capability (version 2.0) means you can use a wireless headset with the phone for hands-free calling. A vibrating alert, speed dial, and a contacts list/address book (limited only by the unit's 64 MB of internal memory) are also included. The BlackBerry 8700c is a quad-band phone designed for global roaming in 170 countries for voice and 90 countries for data.    Messaging, Internet, and Tools The BlackBerry 8700c delivers the legendary BlackBerry e-mail experience. With BlackBerry service plans from Cingular, you can receive e-mails instantaneously from up to 10 e-mail accounts (personal and enterprise). With BlackBerry push technology, you don't need to retrieve your e-mail. BlackBerry devices are designed to remain on and continuously connected to the wireless network, allowing you to be discreetly notified as new e-mail arrives. Support is also built-in for viewing e-mail attachments (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, WordPerfect, and PDF formats). Because the BlackBerry 8700c is fast, and because it supports EDGE high-speed data networks, users can take advantage enterprise applications that are wirelessly enabled by the BlackBerry platform, such as sales force automation, field service automation, network and systems management, and more.  If your company has a BlackBerry Enterprise Server installed, you can also take advantage of the power of wireless calendar synchronization. Your calendar events are exchanged wirelessly and automatically so that your desktop calendar and BlackBerry handheld calendar are synchronized. All your Outlook meeting requests, changes, and updates are instantaneously synchronized instantaneously with your desktop. Make meeting requests, invite new attendees and more, all on your BlackBerry 8700c. Users without BlackBerry Enterprise Server support can manually sync with their desktop calendars and contacts via Bluetooth or USB using the included BlackBerry Desktop Software. Use the BlackBerry 8700's Web browser to access the Internet from the palm of your hand. Browse Web sites, get up-to-date stock quotes, read the latest news, check weather reports, and more. Wireless text messaging and multimedia messaging (MMS) is also supported by the BlackBerry 8700c. The BlackBerry 8700c ships with a number of tools, including a calculator with a unit converter and a to-do list. The handheld's software is based on the Java platform, meaning Java-compatible games and applications can be added to the handheld. Vital Statistics   The BlackBerry 8700c weighs 4.7 ounces and measures 4.3 by 2.7 by 0.8 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 4 hours of digital talk time and up to 16 days of digital standby time. It runs on the 850/900/1800/1900 GSM/EDGE frequencies. The phone comes with a one-year limited warranty.\tPut your business in your pocket. The BlackBerry 8700c combines all of your office needs, from email to messaging, into a complete lightweight package with a full QWERTY keyboard. So whether you're making international calls to your home office with quad-band GSMTM, sending email and instant messages to your family, or just planning your weekly schedule, you'll have every feature you need in the palm of your hand with the 8700c.", "product/productId": "B000C1DOU0"}
{"product/description": "Designed specifically for convenience and comfort, the FreeSpeak BT250 lets you talk hands-free and wirelessly on your cell phone via Bluetooth technology. (It also works with some non-bluetooth devices.) The lightweight, contoured device fits securely on your head, works with either ear, looks great, and it's simple to set up.  Weighing less and an ounce, the FreeSpeak BT250 is constructed from a soft, sound-absorbing elastomer material that reduces distortions, resulting in crisp sound quality. The earpiece also features the new Jabra MiniGel, a soft, ergonomic gel tip that channels sound directly into your ear for better reception, improving your ability to hear conversations clearly even in noisy environments.   The device works up to 30 feet away from your mobile phone, so you can talk and walk freely even if your phone is inside your briefcase, pocket, or across the room from you. It also provides you easy, intuitive volume controls, and features LED and audible status indicators, and you'll get an average of up to 8 hours talk time and 240 hours standby on the BT250's batteries.   What's in the Box FreeSpeak 250, charging cradle/headset holder, snap-on belt clip\tJABRA FreeSpeak takes us to the next paradigm in hands-free wireless telephony. FreeSpeak connects your mobile phone to your headset via Bluetooth radio technology, instead of a wire.  Soft, ergonomic JABRA MiniGel channels sound directly into your ear for enhanced reception    Integrated lithium battery    Includes charging cradle which doubles as headset holder    Snap-on clip holds earpiece to your belt or purse when not in use    Typical Talk Time -  3 hours (depending on phone model & usage    Headset Weight -  0.8 ounces    Headset Dimensions -  4H x 2-3/8W x 1/2D    Charging Cradle Dimensions -  2-1/4H x 2W x 1-1/4D    For Bluetooth-enabled phones (no dongle)", "product/productId": "B000246XQE"}
{"product/description": "BH-900 Bluetooth Headset with Sliding Boom. Intelligent, versatile, and elegant: the Nokia Bluetooth Headset BH-900 is an ideal handsfree solution for those who demand quality, style, and clarity. With the latest technology, including digital signal processing (DSP) and an active sliding boom microphone, this headset delivers superior performance. This wireless headset comes with an adjustable sliding boom, comfortable earhook, easily accessible answer/end button, DSP for enhanced sound quality, and volume control.", "product/productId": "B000GJS3YK"}
{"product/description": "Flight delays, power outages, longer-than-expected trips. You can't always recharge your Nokia device when you'd like to. But with an extra Nokia battery on hand, you can always talk, type, and work as long as you need to. Keep it in your bag or briefcase and stay connected, powered up, and ready to get the job done. Nokia batteries are designed to work optimally with your device, ensuring it is powered for longer and the battery sustains an optimal amount of charges. The Nokia Battery features integrated security that ensures you're using a battery specially designed to work with your Nokia device. Your device will be powered longer and the battery will sustain a greater amount of charges with a Nokia battery, the only one that works with Nokia devices. Replacement battery is made with the same materials as your original battery; it will looks, feel, and perform the same. 850 mAh ONLY trust your phone with Nokia OEM ORIGINAL batteries! Nokia will also guarantee this battery for up to one year from date of purchase! Compatible with: 1100, 1680, 2270, 2285, 2610, 3100, 3660, 3600, 3610, 3620, 3650, 6030, 6085, 6086, 6205, 6230, 6263, 6555, 6682, 6600, 6620, N-Gage, 7600", "product/productId": "B00062DRJ8"}
{"product/description": "Compatible with:Blackberry Pearl 8100 Note: attaching the belt clip for the first time requires a screwdriver, after that it snaps on and off easily. An essential accessory for your device Color: Clear Additional colors available Blackberry Pearl 8100 phone not included.", "product/productId": "B000NGUTUW"}
{"product/description": "If you like the look and feel of Nokia phones, but you've been waiting for a powerful clamshell design from them, the wait is over. The quad-band Nokia 6126 packs a serious punch with support for EDGE data, dual high-resolution color displays, a 1-megapixel camera, Bluetooth, microSD memory expansion, a music player, and a whole lot more.    Slim and powerful. View an interactive demonstration of the 6126.  Design The 6126's super thin design houses an inner display that sports impressive 240 x 320 resolution and support for 16.7 million, yes million colors. Meanwhile, the outside cover of the handset features a supplementary, 128 x 160, 65,000-color display that can display picture IDs, time, call information, battery and signal strength, and more. The phone's camera unit is placed just above this display. Up and down buttons for volume control are placed on the left side and a camera control button is placed on the right. Most of the phone's features and on-screen menus are controlled by a five-way center button on the handset's control pad. There's also an input to accept universal hands-free headsets, as well as a USB port for transferring data to and from the handset. The hot-swappable microSD/TransFlash memory expansion slot is compatible with cards with 2 GB of capacity. Calling Features The 6126 supports polyphonic ringtones, as well as video-based ringers so you can load your favorite video clips to alert you of incoming calls. Plus, with the phone's picture and ringer ID functions, you can assign pictures and ringtones to your most common callers. If you want to be discreet, there's also a vibrate ringer mode. Meanwhile, speaker-independent voice activated dialing makes calling your friends, family and associates as easy as saying their names. The phone recognizes any voice, so you don't have to worry about pre-recording your commands. The 6126's phone book will keep track of all your contacts, and address book capacity is only limited by the phone's 11 MB of built-in memory. Lastly, there's an integrated speakerphone for talking hands-free. Lastly, the phone's Bluetooth connectivity means that your favorite Bluetooth headset is fully compatible.  Messaging, Internet and Tools The 6126 is a mobile messaging and Internet powerhouse. With support for the MMS (multimedia messaging service), the phone can send picture and text messages, and when coupled with the phone's powerful camera, MMS opens up great opportunities for robust messaging. The phone ships with a built-in email client that supports POP3, IMAP, and SMTP protocols. You can even open and view email attachments. Getting on the Internet is easy with the 6126. It supports the GPRS data protocol, as well as the high-speed EDGE wireless data service. When used with a Cingular data plan and the phone's USB or Bluetooth data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and PDAs. The phone is bundled with a mobile Web browser for MEdia Net content downloads and browsing. Cingular's MEdia service lets you receive and send emails, read news headlines, get weather updates, download games and ringtones, and more. Meanwhile, T9 text entry, a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit -- a plus for mobile email and text messaging users. The 6126 supports PC synchronization via USB or Bluetooth, which means you can manage and synchronize contacts, calendar and other data with your PC. Nokia's PC Suite application makes this process a breeze. A number of handy software tools are bundled with the 6126 including a voice memo recorder, a calculator, a calendar, a to-do list, and an alarm clock. Imaging and Entertainment  This is where the real fun begins. The 6126's 1-megapixel camera takes great pictures and it can also capture video. And when you've got all the pictures you want on your memory card, you can connect the camera directly to any PictBridge-compatible printer for instantaneous printing right from the phone. The phone supports playback of streaming video in 3GPP format, too. If mobile music is your thing, you can load up your MP3, MP4, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, and WMA audio files and listen to your heart's content via the stereo headset jack. And don't forget about the games! The phone comes with a perennial favorite, Snake, as well as 3D soccer. More games are available from the MEdia Net service. Vital Statistics  The Nokia 6126 weighs 3.95 ounces and measures 3.62 x 1.89 x 0.79 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 3.4 hours of digital talk time, and up to 240 hours of digital standby time. It runs on the GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850/900/1800/1900 frequencies. The phone comes with a one year limited warranty.\tThis feature-packed phone has a Slim and stylish fold design with an innovative one-hand push-to-open operation for easy opening that automatically glides into position.  Key features include quad-band GSM, EDGE data, dual high-resolution color displays, a 1 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, microSD memory card slot, music player, speaker phone, and speaker-independent voice dialing.", "product/productId": "B000HAOYPA"}
{"product/description": "New OEM Nokia Extended Battery Model # 0296318 Be prepared when your handset's original battery loses its charge. Replacement batteries provide a backup power source and also give you the opportunity to increase talk time. Some batteries require a new battery door. Be sure to match your extended battery with the correct sized extended battery door.", "product/productId": "B0000AKAJL"}
{"product/description": "Rare earth magnets are the strongest type of permanent magnet currently made. They are amazingly powerful for their size and have innumerable uses. These cube magnets are 0.5-Inch (12.7-mm) Long by 0.5-Inch (12.7-mm) Wide by 0.5-Inch (12.7-mm) Thick. They are magnetized through the thickness. They are composed of grade 40 neodymium iron boron magnetic material and are plated in nickel-copper-nickel for a shiny corrosion resistant finish. Their individual pull force is approximately 24-Pound. Maximum working temperature is 176-Degree Fahrenheit (80-Degree Celsius). Magnets may chip and crack if allowed to snap together.\tMAGCRAFT brand rare earthy magnets feature the strongest type of permanent magnet available today. Five to fifteen times the strength of common ceramic magnets, rare earth magnets can lift 500 times their own weight in steel. These magnets are primarily composed of neodymium, iron and boron plated in nickel-copper-nickel for shiny corrosion resistant finish. This set includes four 0.5 x 0.5 x 0.5 cube super strong magnets.", "product/productId": "B000N9IVK4"}
{"product/description": "Knife Set, 16-Piece Hobby.", "product/productId": "B0002BBYIE"}
{"product/description": "The SINGER 7442 is a fully electronic sewing machine that includes 30 built-in stitches and hundreds of functions, including quilting and decorative stitches (stippling, crown, domino) as well as all the actual construction stitches (zig zags, darning, zipper insertion).  This machine also has wonderful features like a built-in needle threader; a one-step buttonhole in two styles (helps you make a whole row of identical buttonholes); easy stitch selection; automatic stitch settings; reverse stitching in the selected stitch pattern; 13 needle positions; clear bobbin cover to the drop-in bobbin; and thread feed either horizontal or vertical. The machine comes with a full assortment of accessories including an instruction book, a standard presser foot, zipper foot, buttonhole foot, blind stitch foot, satin stitch/special purpose foot, a feed cover, a pack of needles and bobbins, spool caps and pin, screwdriver, seam ripper, and lint brush.", "product/productId": "B0009O1ELG"}
{"product/description": "Give your corners clean-looking, smooth curves that you will love. Available in small, medium and large.", "product/productId": "B000GAOJ2Y"}
{"product/description": "The X5282 is a basic knife set for lightweight precision cutting.  Includes: No. 1 knife w/No. 11 blade; No. 2 knife w/No. 2 blade; No 5 knife w/No. 19 blade; 1 each No. 7, 10, 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, and 24 blades; 2 each No. 11 blades.  Will cut wood, cardboard, paper, plastic, cloth and foam board. Comes with a wooden chest.\tThe X-ACTO precision knife is the original cutting tool for any application requiring a precise, accurate cut. This cutting and trimming tool has been used for years by graphics artists, designers, hobbyists and others for making careful cuts and trims consistently and with confidence. Now you can purchase the original X-ACTO knife (numbers 1, 2, and 5) along with a full set of X-ACTO precision knife blades, all in one convenient set. The original X-ACTO knife has been praised for more than 50 years as the standard for precision. Attaining this level of precision, accuracy and reliability starts with supreme quality craftsmanship. The X-ACTO precision knives are built with carbon and steel sharpened blades for a reliable cut every time. Add a full set of X-ACTO precision knife blades, you will have a knife to make the precision cut you need - every material, every time. Set contains: No. 1 knife for precision cutting and trimming of lightweight materials, No. 2 knife for precision and trimming of medium to heavy weight materials, No. 5 knife for precision cutting of heavy weight materials; and numbers 2, 7, 10, 11, 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, and 24 precision knife blades.", "product/productId": "B00004Z2UB"}
{"product/description": "Bulletproof is a Noodlers term for waterproof, bleach proof, lightfast, and archival qualities. Noodler's Black Waterproof Fountain Pen Ink - Bulletproof Genuine Noodler's Quality Fountain Pen Ink for Vintage or New Pens", "product/productId": "B000MVZ2E6"}
{"product/description": "-What you will receive: + Quantity: 500 beads total. 25 colors (20 beads of each color). + Size: 4mm. + Colors: Amethyst, Lt Amethyst, Crystal, Burgundy, Blue Zircon, Lt Sapphire, Sapphire, Violet, Indicolite, Fire Opal, Lt Rose, Rose, Lt Smoke Topaz, Black Diamond, Purple Velvet, Silk, Lt Peach, Lt Siam, Siam, Emerald, Peridot, Chrysolite, Indicolite, Hyacinth, Tanzanite. ++ We (LK-Crafts) have carefully hand selected the best beads from our collection for your precious projects. All our beads are genuine Swarovski beads of the highest quality. Each style type is sorted, labeled and individually packaged with care.", "product/productId": "B000E57F9K"}
{"product/description": "KidKraft's new Firefighter series will make every little boy feel like a hero.  The Fire Truck Toddler Cot is finished in a bright, cheerful red, with ladder cut-outs on the sides that double as a bed rail.  Complete with silk-screened fire truck details, and a special storage compartment in the front.  Mattress and bedding sold separately.\tKidKraft Firefighter Bedroom Set. Toddler - sized furnishings for your little hero! Every little kid dreams about being a hero... what better place to do the dreaming than a room decked out with super-cool Firefighter-themed furniture! Fire Truck Toddler Bed: Fits all standard-sized crib mattresses for a fun and easy transition from the crib to a bed. The low-to-the-ground design and ladder guard rails keep your junior fire marshall from falling out of the truck at night. Great for kids that are too big for the crib and too small for a regular-sized bed! Made with fun Fire Truck silk-screen details and a special storage compartment in the front for toys, clothes or games. Stoke your child's creative fire! Order Now! AVAILABLE SEPARATELY: KidKraft Fire House Bookcase KidKraft Hydrant Toddler Table - word search in our Store for 'KidKraft'. KidKraft Fire Truck Toddler Cot.  Mattress and bedding sold separately.", "product/productId": "B0006NI4EU"}
{"product/description": "Heavyweight Duo-Finish Kraft paper. The smooth surface side is ideal for felt pens, finger painting and fine line drawing; the textured side accepts chalk, watercolor, tempera and acrylic paints.", "product/productId": "B000J0B1OA"}
{"product/description": "Green Self Healing Cutting Mats...Nice thick (3mm) cutting mats that are reversible one side is solid green the other has markings in inches with 1/8 inch graduations along all 4 edges and a 1/2 inch grid pattern throughout to speed cutting of thin papers and films. The mat is self-healing and not only protects your table and drawing area from cuts but also increases the life of your cutting blades.", "product/productId": "B000HF6JF8"}
{"product/description": "With a special handle to keep your little one's fingers far from the six-color inkpad and six different stamps to choose from, stamping fun will be endless! The handy case keeps the stamps and pad organized! Washable, non-toxic kid-friendly ink.\tWith a special handle to keep your little one's fingers far from the six-color inkpad and six different stamps to choose from, stamping fun will be endless! The handy case keeps the stamps and pad organized! Washable, non-toxic kid-friendly ink.", "product/productId": "B000GIKZ4W"}
{"product/description": "This 5/8'' x 60'' white vinyl tape measure is perfect for measuring curved and flat surfaces. Accurate and lightweight. A must for any seamstress.", "product/productId": "B0001DSJMW"}
{"product/description": "Industrial Grade Leather Hole Puncher Pliers This is a pair of professional punch hole pliers They are designed to punch through those hard and tough leather The harden punch head sizes are 2mm, 2.5mm, 3mm, 3.5mm, 4mm & 4.5mm The punch heads are rotatable for ease of use, as opposed to removable heads There are no parts to loose They also have firm comfortable rubberized grip handles They will last and last for many years, will pay for themselves over time NOTE: Pictures are for illustration purpose only, actual item may slightly vary in appearance and design.", "product/productId": "B000NK5VY2"}
{"product/description": "Mix and match the detailed stamps to create hundreds of beautiful scenes. Each set includes 2-6 colored inkpads and is conveniently stored in a wooden box.\tMelissa & Doug Horse Stable Stamp Set", "product/productId": "B000GKXXV2"}
{"product/description": "Great for board games, tea parties, and arts and crafts, our Nantucket Table and 4 Chair Set includes: 1 white, square table and 4 chairs in pastel colors of pink, sage, buttercup and sky blue.", "product/productId": "B0009H754I"}
{"product/description": "Economically priced school packs with beautiful colors that will enhance any project. Unlike traditional origami papers which are colored on one side, these sheets are the same color on both sides. Ten vivid colors in each pack: red, yellow, light blue, dark blue, light green, dark green, orange, magenta, purple and brown.", "product/productId": "B000I0QCOK"}
{"product/description": "Brother's SE270D is a full featured combination computerized sewing and embroidery machine. The embroidery features include 97 built-in embroidery desings featuring 27 Mickey Mouse & Friends designs and 70 additional designs including florals, seasonal themes and much more.  There are 5 built-in monogramming fonts in 3 different sizes.  These alphabets are great for creating names and phrases with your embroidery machine.  The embroidery hoop area is 4\" x 4\".  The SE270D also has a built-in memory card slot which is compatible with Brother's extensive Embroidery Card Collection, Disney Embroidery Card Collection and our software PE-Design and PED-Basic.  These items require an additional purchase of each accessory product.  It couldn't be easier to embellish your project with our SE270D embroidery system.  The SE270D has 98 built in stitch functions and Brother's exclusive quick-load thread cassette system.  The cassette system threads your machine in 3 easy steps which even includes threading the needle for you.  The bobbin system is also simple to use with the fast, automatic bobbin winder and one-step bobbin replacement with our quick set drop-in bobbin.  You can also operate this machine without the foot control using the built-in one touch start/stop and reverse operations.  It is easy to select your stitch or embroidey pattern on this machine as it has a built-in LCD computerized touch screen pannel.  The built in stitches include 10 styles of one-step auto-size buttonholes, built-in stretch stitches, garment construction stitches, decorative stitches heirloom stitches and quilting stitches.  The stitch width and length are adjustable as well as the thread tension.  There are accessories included for zipper insertion, darning, twin needle stitching, button hole sewing as well as sewing on buttons.  The instructions on this machine are bilingual in English and Spanish.", "product/productId": "B000BS01KK"}
{"product/description": "When Isaac Singer invented his first sewing machine in Boston in 1850, little did he foresee the range of home machines available today. Model 6038 offers just the right amount of bells and whistles to satisfy advanced sewers but not scare away novices. Pleasingly rounded in form, the free-arm design machine offers 46 stitch functions, 19 of which are built-in, with stitch width and length selectors, push-button reverse, and an extra-wide zigzag capability (6 mm). Other conveniences include an automatic one-step buttonhole system, top drop-in bobbin, automatic needle threader and easy threading system, 3-position needle selector, and twin needle capability. Six snap-on presser feet are included: all-purpose, buttonhole, button, zipper, zigzag, and blind stitch hem. Accessories can be stored in the machine and include three bobbins, seven needles, quilting guide, screwdriver, lint brush, oil bottle, and various extra parts. The machine features a built-in sewing light and carry handle. In addition to the comprehensive owners manual, an instructional video is included which certainly makes learning the threads easier. Singer covers the sewing machine with a 25-year mechanical warranty and two-year electrical warranty. --Ann Bieri\tSINGER 6038 - With traditional styling and build quality needed for years and years of trouble free sewing, model 6038 answers the needs of novices and experiences stitchers alike.   Adjustable stitch length -  up to 4mm    Automatic needle threader   Top drop-in bobbin for ease of use and smooth running   Free-arm design with accessory storage    3 position needle selector    Snap-on presser feet   Push-button reverse   Lightweight, with built-in carrying handle   Horizontal thread holder for smooth thread flow without jumping or snagging   Electronic speed control", "product/productId": "B00006498M"}
{"product/description": "Complete machine mending in minutes! The QuikStitch features adjustable stitch lengths and speeds, a reverse stitch setting and a durable lock-stitch that is perfect for mending seams and tears. The free-arm design makes cuffs, sleeves and other hard-to-sew items a breeze. The comfortable foot control frees your hands to guide the fabric and the drop-in bobbin and see-through bobbin case are an added convenience.", "product/productId": "B0000DBJ2N"}
{"product/description": "Left Handed Bent 8-inch Multi-Purpose Scissors are perfect for multi-purpose cutting of fabric and many other materials in the home or office. Contoured handles reduce fatigue during extended use. Offset handles make it easy to cut on flat surfaces. Features include: offset handles; multi-purpose cutting; adjustable pivot screw enables blade tension to be modified; and precision ground blades. Color: Red/Orange Handles.", "product/productId": "B00006IFN9"}
{"product/description": "Heavyweight Duo-Finish Kraft paper. The smooth surface side is ideal for felt pens, finger painting and fine line drawing; the textured side accepts chalk, watercolor, tempera and acrylic paints.", "product/productId": "B00006IE19"}
{"product/description": "Stamp and sketch to  your heart's content with this cheerfully themed collection. When  inspiration hits, this simple stamp and pencil set lets budding artists make  countless colorful creations. Friendship-themed images include a butterfly,  rainbow, teddy bear, various hearts and flowers, and a bouquet of balloons.  The set includes five colored pencils for sketching, scribbling, or coloring  in the details, and two large pads of washable ink--a blessing for parents  of the overzealous stamper. All of the included pieces stow neatly in the  sturdy wooden storage bin with transparent lid, so artists always know  what's available, and can tidy up after themselves when they're done.  --Heather Lyndon\tMelissa & Doug Friendship Stamp Set", "product/productId": "B0007L6M9A"}
{"product/description": "These are perfect little jewelry \"helpers\". Simply clip the lobster claw onto your existing necklace/bracelet and clip your necklace's/bracelet's closure onto the chain. Now, you can wear the same necklace in the summer as well as over a sweater in the winter.. Or give you that little bit of room to make something more comfy... Thousands of sets sold. It's that easy.", "product/productId": "B000S11SOS"}
{"product/description": "The cordless sewing machine. Handy Stitch is the portable hand-held sewing machine that packs the power of larger, more expensive machines. It's great for quick repairs or jobs that conventional desktop machines can't handle, like sewing curtains while on the rod, or mending a torn pocket without having to remove your pants.", "product/productId": "B000G1G7XM"}
{"product/description": "Strathmore Drawing Paper Pads Series 400...Versatile Sheets of cream colored drawing paper for sketching and finished work. The medium surgace readily accepts pen and ink pencil charcoal crayon and markers. The Smooth surface with its non-reflective finish and uniform formation is especially suited for line drawing and technical work. Twenty-four 80lb. acid-free sheets per spiral-bound pad.", "product/productId": "B000KNJQ98"}
{"product/description": "A honey-smooth medium roast animated by bold undertones, the Java Trading Company Espresso Jet City Whole Bean livens up espresso drinks with its creamy, distinct kick. Perfect for lattes and mochas, Jet City owes its rich flavor profile to the Java Trading Company's exclusive Air Roast System. This advanced system unlocks the full flavor of premium Arabica beans, giving them a consistently rich, caramelized taste.  A Creamy Medium Roast with Delicate Boldness    Are you a lover of classically balanced medium-roast espresso, but crave some added boldness? Espresso made from Jet City beans is sure to hit the spot. Jet City beans are artfully air-roasted to produce a smooth espresso shot or give your next latte that memorable boost of flavor. Thanks to its satisfying balance of richness and creaminess, this versatile roast is great for the coffee aficionado with a home espresso machine or the busy barista serving up fresh java for the masses.    The Premium Taste of Exclusive Air-Roasted Espresso  If you're wondering what makes the flavor of Java Trading Company espresso so distinct, you have the company's patented Air Roast System to thank. This convection roast-master gently roasts the beans on a bed of hot air, ensuring a pure, even roast throughout each bean. The timing and temperature of each roast is moderated, so each batch of beans arrives at its peak of flavor. Later, a precise cooling process kicks in, which carefully releases water for optimum caramelization.  The result is a premium quality espresso roast in which each bean's full, natural flavor is released, retaining the subtle taste nuances that distinguish it. This gourmet roasting practice means you can count on each shot you pull of Java Trading Company espresso to consistently deliver a rich taste experience.  Only moderate temperatures (450 - 550 F) required.      Patented Air Roast Convection Roasting     About Java Trading Company: Award Winning Excellence Based in Greeley, Colorado, Java Trading Company prides itself on providing the customer with a memorable taste experience through the excellent quality their espresso, gourmet coffee, tea, and other hot beverage choices. For their efforts in the coffee roasting arena, they have consistently been given accolades for the quality and taste of their beans. At McCormick and Schmick's \"Northwest Taste\" coffee tasting in the coffee hot-bed of Seattle, Washington, they have been bestowed with such awards as Best Overall Coffee, Best Companion to Cognac, and Best All-Day Coffee.   Northwest Taste Awards  Best Overall Coffee (Twice) Best Companion to Cognac Best Companion to a Cider Good Enough to Drink 6+ Cups a Day Best All-Day Coffee    What's in the Box Java Trading Company Espresso Jet City Whole Bean (5-pound bag)\tThe smooth and bold taste of Java Trading Co. coffee is the result of our patented air-roasting system. Beans are roasted on a bed of hot air unlocking the bold flavor. The taste is smooth, never bitter. Java Trading Co. offers a broad selection of 100% Arabica beans from exotic estates to classic regional varietals.", "product/productId": "B000HBIN88"}
{"product/description": "Bob Moore's secret to life may just be \"work hard and keep it simple.\" Living this philosophy, Bob literally puts his nose to the grindstone every day. Bob's Red Mill Natural Foods is an Oregon-based company that utilizes simple, old-world technology to mill hundreds of all-natural whole grain products. Bob's Red Mill is dedicated to the manufacturing of natural foods in the natural way. In their own words: \"With all the sophisticated knowledge of recent times, no machinery has yet been developed that grinds grains into flour quite as well as our flint-hard quartz millstones quarried in France and used by discriminating millers since early Roman times.\" \"Our well-dressed (sharpened) sets of millstones turn the highest quality wheat into a finer, better baking bread flour than all the hammer mills, steel roller mills, steel buhr mills, or pulverizers ever built! These slow turning millstones grind the bran, endosperm, and germ (containing its nutritious wheat germ oil) into flour in a cool natural way, creating a more assimilable food.\" Bob's Red Mill stone grinds all common and most uncommon grains into flours and meals on its over 100-year-old mills. They mix them into an astounding array of unique cereals, pancake and waffle mixes, machine and hand-made bread mixes, quick bread mixes, gluten-free mixes, and specialty grain products.\tBob's Red Mill non-fat dry milk is made naturally from pure dairy milk without any added hormones. It is easily mixed with regular water to make liquid milk. Dry milk can be stored for up to two years without refrigeration.", "product/productId": "B000EDK67K"}
{"product/description": "A perfect side dish to any meal! Each baked potato shell is delicately filled with whipped potatoes, real sour cream, perfectly aged cheddar cheese, bacon bits and chives. Just heat and serve.", "product/productId": "B0000DJ7SR"}
{"product/description": "Haribo, founded in 1920 in Bonn, Germany by Hans Riegel, is one of the most prominent manufacturers of sweets (namely fruit gums, licorice, and foam) in the world. The company name is an acronym for \"Hans Riegel, Bonn\" and stands as a reminder of Haribo's continuing loyalty to early traditions. After Hans Riegel died during World War II, his son, also named Hans Riegel, took over the factory and expanded its operations, taking over many local confectionery manufacturers in countries all over the world. Currently, Haribo operates five factories in Germany and 13 throughout the rest of Europe. The company also has sales offices in almost every country in Europe as well as in the Unites States. Haribo's German catch phrase is \"Haribo macht kinder froh / und Erwachsene ebenso,\" which translates as \"Kids and grown-ups love it so / the happy world of Haribo.\"\tTwo-toned, sugar-dusted \"peaches\" are an international favorite. Peach flavors are so natural you'll be sure you've bitten into a fresh Georgia peach. They are packed in 5-pound bags.", "product/productId": "B000EVT074"}
{"product/description": "New Packaging, Same Real Salt!Taste the goodness and award-winning flavor of RealSalt. The RealSalt 26 oz. pouch with its handy screw-top cap makes refilling a breeze.Long ago in what is now Central Utah, Native Americans found a mineral-rich salt deposit from an ancient sea when they saw deer eating the soil. In 1959, Milo and Lamar Bosshardt were struggling to keep their family farm afloat when they discovered that this salt deposit extended beneath their land. They began selling the salt to local farmers for their animals and heard reports the farmers were using the salt to season their own food. People insisted this \"real\" salt be made available for everyday use, and the Real Salt brand was born.Today we still bring Real Salt to you in its natural state without additives, chemicals, or heat processing of any kind. Real Salt's unique pinkish appearance and flecks of color come from more than 60 naturally occurring trace minerals. The result is a delicate \"sweet salt\" flavor that you may not have experienced before.Real Salt means real flavor!Take a taste test! First taste Real Salt, then try any other salt the difference will amaze you!", "product/productId": "B000BD0SDU"}
{"product/description": "We invite you to try this ALL NATURAL licorice, made in the tried and trusted way, but now made with the best ALL NATURAL ingredients.", "product/productId": "B000P0TARO"}
{"product/description": "Delicious. Easy to make. Wheat free. Gluten free. Dairy free. All natural product. You can see our quality. Moist, delicious and bursting with whole grains and seeds. The flavor and texture are complex and deeply satisfying. Specially designed for those sensitive to wheat or gluten. For bread machine or by hand, this mix takes homemade bread to a new level. Bob's Red Mill products labeled Gluten Free are batch tested in our quality control laboratory. We use an Elisa Gluten Assay test to determine if product is gluten free.", "product/productId": "B000KELHPS"}
{"product/description": "Stacy's Pita Chips, Cinnamon Sugar are all natural with 0g Trans fat and 0 mg cholesterol. A chip that's both decadent and delicious. They are perfectly sweetened with natural milled cane sugar. Our customers say, theyre the perfect morning or afternoon snack with coffee or tea. Kids love them too. We both had a passion for good food and healthy living, so we left our careers and bought a food cart. We began making all natural pita roll-up sandwiches and at the end of each day we seasoned and baked the pita bread into delicious, homemade chips. Before we knew it, Stacy's Pita Chip Company was born. Enjoy Stacy's Pita Chips and feel great knowing that you're eating all natural, baked snacks. Thanks to all our customers.", "product/productId": "B000KGW28M"}
{"product/description": "Superior, vivid color that is highly resistant to fading and running. Super-concentrated gel wont thin icing or break down delicate buttercreams or whipped icings. Can be used for icings (including buttercream, royal, and whipped), bread and cookie doughs, cake batter, fondant, marzipan, and gum paste. Squeeze bottle with flip-top lid allows for precise, accurate coloring that is consistent from batch to batch. 3/4 oz. bottle.", "product/productId": "B000Q6IAP0"}
{"product/description": "An excellent source of protein (52%), containing essential amino acids. Rich in vitamins, especially the B-complex vitamins. An excellent source of folic acid, which is important for formation, growth and reproduction of red blood cells. This yeast is easy to use and blends well with liquids. Add as a seasoning for salads, soups, casseroles and gravies.", "product/productId": "B000173IHE"}
{"product/description": "380 pieces Dubble Bubble invented in 1928 and still remains America's #1 chunk twist wrap bubblegum brand", "product/productId": "B000NMCOYK"}
{"product/description": "Please check out our other procucts by typing AlwaysDirect into the Amazon search bar!", "product/productId": "B0007KLGC4"}
{"product/description": "You will enjoy this tender popcorn. It is packed full of antioxidents, flavor and has less hulls!", "product/productId": "B000ILA5RO"}
{"product/description": "Potatoes, chickpeas and spices slow cooked in a tomato sauce. 90 Seconds Heat and Eat, no cooking. Tasty Bite products come in a unique smart pouch that seals in wholesome flavors and nutrients. Requires no refrigeration until pouch is opened. Great for camping, hiking, work, anywhere you go. Meal ideas: serve with rice or Indian flat bread, as a delicious entree, a sidedish or entree. Integrate into your favorite recipe for a fresh meal solution. All natural, vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, no MSG, no preservatives, kosher, no refrigeration, 18 month shelf life. Product of India. Try all of Tasty Bite's delicious Indian and Pan-Asian inspired products: Meal Inspiration, Entrees, Simmer Sauces and Rices.", "product/productId": "B0007R9L6K"}
{"product/description": "Pasta Joy Ready. A classic in texture and taste. Wheat free. Gluten-free. Good consistent texture. Not mushy. Al Dente. We specialize - Our entire factory premise and all machines are dedicated to the manufacture of rice pasta--no other grain or cereal to prevent cross-grain contamination at production. Cholesterol free. Low fat. Low sodium. Source of fiber. Easy to digest. Promising a delightful eating experience. From whole-grain. Kosher Certified. Just right! Perfect for a light, healthy and tasty family meal, for serving your loved ones and guests who are sure to appreciate, with joy! No preservatives added. This product is made from quality rice, stone-ground and formed to gourmet class. An ultimate in the enjoyment of pasta. It cooks like regular pasta. Award-winning taste. Al dente and not mushy. Its texture, superb. Product of Canada.", "product/productId": "B000FK63LK"}
{"product/description": "DAVID Seeds is the number one sunflower seed brand and the largest manufacturer of sunflower seeds in the U.S. For 80 years, DAVID has roasted some of the highest-quality sunflower seeds in the business.  Who is DAVID? DAVID was founded in 1926 by David Der Herbedian of Fresno, California. David first roasted sunflower seeds in his grocery store and packaged them in individual servings for a nickel. Eventually, David's two sons joined him in marketing the seeds to other retailers, and DAVID Seeds was born. About ConAgra DAVID Seeds is a member of the ConAgra Foods family, one of the largest packaged foods companies in North America with major presence in retail outlets, foodservice and restaurants, and in ingredients. Their more than 70 brands--which include favorites such as Pam, Hunt's, Healthy Choice, Butterball, Wesson, Swiss Miss, Rotel, Peter Pan, Marie Callender's, Hebrew National, Wolf Brand Chili, Rosarita, Egg Beaters, Chef Boyardee, and more--are in 96% of U.S. households, and more than 30% of ConAgra Foods brands are number one in their category.\tAmerica's favorite sunflower seeds and pumpkin seeds are delicious and fun to eat anytime, anywhere. Natural and nutritious, DAVID Seeds has lots of great flavors and multiple sizes for group and solo snacking. ABOUT CONAGRA Chef Boyardee is a member of the ConAgra Foods family, one of the largest packaged foods companies in North America with major presence in retail outlets, foodservice and restaurants, and in ingredients. Our more than 70 brands which include favorites such as Pam, Hunt's, Healthy Choice, Wesson, Swiss Miss, Rotel, Peter Pan, Marie Callender's, Hebrew National, Wolf Brand Chili, Rosarita, Egg Beaters, Orville Redenbacher's, and more are in 96% of U.S. households, and more than 30% of ConAgra Foods brands are number one in their category.", "product/productId": "B000CSKKG4"}
{"product/description": "Oats 'N Honey Crunchy Granola BarsNature Valley Oats 'N Honey Granola Bars take real honey and brown sugar syrup, combine them with rolled oats, and produce a sweet, nutritious snack. The bars are full of classic crunch and whole grain goodness, making them a completely natural energy boost that's high in fiber and protein, but low in saturated fat. Bite into one anytime, anywhere for an invigorating treat of quality whole grain. Nature Valley Crunchy Granola BarsFresh air. Big sky. Open spaces. Whether you're on the slopes or on the links, the classic crunch of Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars is a perfect way to fuel up naturally. Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars are 100% natural and an excellent source of whole grain. Delicious, wholesome and easy to bring along, they're the Energy Bar Nature Intended.Scientific evidence that whole grain is good for your body.Five Ways Whole Grains Can Change Your Life:    Heart health. Heart-healthy diets rich in whole grain foods can reduce the risk of heart disease.    Reduce cancer risk. Low fat diets rich in fiber-containing grain products, fruits and vegetables may reduce the risk of some types of cancer, particularly of the stomach and colon.    Manage diabetes. The American Diabetes Association recommends whole grain as part of a diabetic diet.    Keep you regular. Fiber from whole grains promotes regularity and keeps the intestines working smoothly to help maintain good digestive health.    Weight management. A growing body of evidence supports that people who eat more whole grain tend to have healthier body weights and gain less weight over time than those who dont.Nature ValleyNature Valley created the granola bar category in 1975.Though much has changed since 1975, one thing hasnt: No matter how many new flavors we create, you can be assured that with Nature Valley youre always getting The Taste Nature Intended.Nature Valley sponsors a wide range of groups, all of whom have one thing in common: they all serve as guides and catalysts for people who want to enjoy a healthy, active, outdoor lifestyle.Nature Valley Granola Bars give you the energy to get to and enjoy your favorite place in nature, your own personal Nature Valley.Nature Valley, The Energy Bar Nature Intended, and The Taste Nature Intended are registered trademarks of General Mills.American Diabetes Association is a registered trademark of American Diabetes Association, Inc.Available on every box\tNature Valley oats n honey granola bars take real honey and brown sugar syrup, combine them with rolled oats, and produce a sweet, nutritious snack. The bars are full of classic crunch and whole grain goodness, making them a completely natural energy boost that's high in fiber and protein but low in saturated fat. Bite into one anytime, anywhere for an invigorating treats of quality whole grain.", "product/productId": "B000EMM9WG"}
{"product/description": "Since 1706, Twinings has been at the forefront of the tea trade. Customers in more than 100 countries enjoy Twinings products, and not just the popular traditional favorites: Twinings now includes products such as fruit and herbal infusions, aromatic teas, and iced teas. These fresh flavors reflect a worldwide trend toward a healthier and more varied lifestyle. The new flavors are as successful as the traditional ones, because Twinings prepares them using skills acquired through three centuries of experience. After quenching thirsts for so many generations, no one knows better than Twinings how to deliver a drink that's in perfect condition. Although British-based, and still operating in England, Twinings also has plants in North Carolina and Calcutta, India. Success in the competitive worldwide tea market was confirmed in 1972 (and again in 1977) when Twinings became the first tea company to win a Queen's Award for Export.\tTwinings Earl Grey Tea, loose tea, is fine black tea expertly blended with the citrus fruit flavor of bergamot, to deliver an uplifting tea with a unique floral aroma and refreshing taste.", "product/productId": "B000F4F94I"}
{"product/description": "Each case of Bays Original English Muffins contains 12 6-ct packages of our delicious muffins. Since 1933, Bays English Muffins have been made with only the finest ingredients, including spring wheat flour, AA butter, whole milk powder, cane sugar and potato flour. Baked according to an original family recipe, our English muffins are the perfect way to begin or end the day, simply toasted and enjoyed with butter, or as a delicious part of a snack or meal.", "product/productId": "B0002Y121K"}
{"product/description": "Tea filter paper is made of wood cellulose and cellulose from Manila fibre. For Only the finest fibre is selected from the Philippines and Equador to ensure an extremely high strength of paper", "product/productId": "B0000CGQC4"}
{"product/description": "Nothing you have ever tried equals the coloring strength of these amazing colors. Imagine the coloring power of a paste in an easy-to-use gel. Soft Gel PasteTM is packaged in convenient squeeze bottles with a flip-top lid. By mixing and measuring using \"drops\" of Soft Gel PasteTM, you can achieve precise, easy-to-repeat colors every time. Contains a long lasting .75 oz bottle", "product/productId": "B000Q6I7Q2"}
{"product/description": "Consumers in the US are turning to Kraft Easy Mac cups for the great taste of macaroni and cheese. Easy Mac cups are simple to prepare  just add water and put in the microwave for a few minutes  plus they are portable with a disposable cup that makes clean-up easy. Easy Mac cups are perfect for any need-to-eat-now occasion. Kraft Easy Mac cups is available in several flavors like original, triple cheese, bacon, cheesy taco, roasted garlic parmesan and Alfredo.", "product/productId": "B000Q92QIE"}
{"product/description": "50% Less sodium than our regular soup. USDA organic. Certified Organic by Quality Assurance International. Ready to serve. Amy's Kitchen was started when our daughter Amy was born in 1987. We are a family business deeply committed to producing vegetarian natural and organic prepared foods that taste homemade. This traditional American favorite made from organic split peas and vegetables has a surprisingly light, delicate flavor. Responding to customer requests, our chefs have created a line of Light in Sodium soups with all the flavor and goodness of our regular soups, but containing 50% less sodium. No added MSG. No preservatives. No trans fat. Gluten free. Contains 280 mg of sodium compared to 570 mg in Amy's regular Split Pea Soup.", "product/productId": "B000G1EO6E"}
{"product/description": "Save on Walden Farms Raspberry Vinaigrette. Eating a salad is healthy unless it?TMs topped with high calorie high fat salad dressings that can easily add hundreds of calories. Instead eat ??The Walden Way?? and enjoy a collection of 20 Walden Farms Calorie Free Salad Dressings. No calories fat carbs gluten or sugars of any! This decriptions is informational only. Please review the actual product for ingredients and suggested serving prior to use.", "product/productId": "B00024DB5K"}
{"product/description": "Twenty years ago in a garage near Fresno, Calif., an innovative beverage executive had an idea that meat snacks should offer more than the consistency and taste of shoe leather. Jim Rekoutis knew that jerky could be flavorful, moist, and chewy, a natural product made with ingredients that were healthy. At the time, processors were turning to poultry products to entice people into consuming lower amounts of fat in their diets. \"So, I thought, why not turkey jerky?\" After more than a year of experimentation, a flavor trial, taste tests, and production problems, the first original flavor of turkey jerky without preservatives was ready for production. In 1982, SnackMasters opened its doors with the world's first turkey jerky. Ceres, Calif., near the turkey capital of the world, is home for SnackMasters. They take advantage of the locally abundant turkey to buy tons of it per month. Along with tons of beef and fish, SnackMasters makes a lot of jerky. \"However, here at SnackMasters we sacrifice high yield for high quality,\" says Rekoutis. SnackMasters yields less than other processors because they prefer processing without water or preservatives. \"By using just the right blend of sauces and spices, our jerky is better tasting, better chewing, healthier, and longer lasting than our competition. We produce what our customers demand,\" he says.  SnackMasters uses all-natural beef and free-range turkey, marinated in a mix of ingredients made in fresh batches each morning. No water is added. There are also no artificial colors, flavors, enhancers, or ingredients in their products. Plus, all phases of the processing procedure are considered handmade. \"SnackMasters is truly not a mass production-machined product,\" says Rekoutis.\tThe original California. 98% Fat free. No preservatives. Ingredients are all natural (no artificial ingredients - minimally processed). Distinctively gourmet. Sliced from solid turkey breast meat. Inspected for wholesomeness by US Department of Agriculture. Thank you! We appreciate your purchase of Snackmasters The Original California Natural Gourmet Turkey Jerky. It's our sincere promise and commitment to provide you, our valued customer, with the finest wholesome, high quality Natural Gourmet Turkey Jerky products possible. Our SnackMasters processing facilities are located in the heart of Northern California's San Joaquin Valley. Our secret family recipe, supported by our time tested old fashioned processing technique, emphasizing very strict quality control standards, guarantees you, our valued customer, an authentic natural gourmet meat snack that not only tastes great but is also nutritionally good for you. Our Natural Gourmet Turkey Jerky is sliced from 100% natural turkey breast meat that is 98% fat free. We have exercised every precaution humanly possible to insure your confident snacking pleasure and satisfaction. You can see, feel and taste the Snackmasters advantage.", "product/productId": "B000EZMRRA"}
{"product/description": "The Eliminator Lighting E119 Is A Medium Application Fog Machine With A 700 Watt Heating Element. It Covers 3500 Cubic Feet Per Minute and Comes With A Wired Remote With Power Indicator.", "product/productId": "B0006FL8PK"}
{"product/description": "For steel string guitar. Fits almost all acoustic and electric steel string guitars. 2 inches wide, curved for a radiused fretboard. What makes the Shubb capo so special? For one thing, its ingenious design: a patented locking action which provides an unrivalled combination of power, speed, accuracy and ease of use. One smooth flip of the lever locks it securely in place... and removes it just as quickly. And the Shubb capo doesn't create tuning problems. Its soft, resilient rubber is specially designed to work just like a fingertip, so it doesn't bend the strings over the frets. Its closing action is just like your hand, so it doesn't pull the string off center. As a result, no re-tuning is necessary!", "product/productId": "B0002E2Z8Y"}
{"product/description": "The Casio SP3 Pad Style Keyboard Sustain Pedal enables you to get more realistic piano sounds by giving you control over the sustain of each note or chord. A must have accessory at a great price!", "product/productId": "B000792SBS"}
{"product/description": "Scaled to fit 4/4 size violin with a playing length of 13 inches (328mm), these medium tension strings are optimized to the needs of a majority of players. Packaged in uniquely-designed sealed pouches providing unparalleled protection from the elements that cause corrosion. Prelude violin strings are manufactured using a solid steel core. Unaffected by temperature and humidity changes, they have excellent bow response. Prelude strings have the warmest sound available in an affordable, solid steel core string design. Prelude is the educator's preferred choice for student strings due to their unique blend of warm tone, durability, and value.D'Addario, the world's largest manufacturer of musical instrument strings, is known worldwide for unsurpassed quality and consistency. D'Addario continues to develop and manufacture exceptional strings and accessories for violin, viola, cello and double bass, incorporating innovative packaging that reduces waste and provides protection from corrosion. All D'Addario strings are manufactured in the U.S.A. using proprietary, digitally controlled, state-of-the-art machinery for unmatched performance, set after set.\tPro-Arte synthetic core violin strings have a warm, mellow tone. They are less sensitive to humidity and temperature changes, and break in quickly. Pro-Arte strings are designed at a lower tension in order to maximize bow response, tonal blend and playability. A good choice if a warmer, darker tone than steel strings is desired. Scaled to fit 4/4 size violin with a playing length of 13 inches (328mm), light tension strings allow for easier bow response. Pro-Arte light tension violin strings are available as a single strings only.", "product/productId": "B0002Y6BJI"}
{"product/description": "World Tour's 200 Series of Guitar Gig Bags are economically priced while offering protection not seen in bags at twice their price.  The bags feature high density padding on all sides, covered with a water resistant, PVC backed Cordura exterior material and fine scratch-proof Cordura interior.  Other features include a large gusseted storage pocket, traditional handle and back-pack style transport attachment, interior neck tuner and bridge patches to prevent tearing, strong metal zippers with metal pulls.  5 Year Warranty", "product/productId": "B000BUBHMY"}
{"product/description": "This instrument is not a close out! \tOur Instruments and Accessories are brand new, direct from our manufacturer.\tAll of our instruments have a 1 Year Limited Warranty!. We are in direct contact with the manufacturer which makes our instruments a safe purchase for you.", "product/productId": "B000BHC4BU"}
{"product/description": "Wound strings are made from nickel plated steel wire wrapped around tin plated hex shaped steel core wire. By far the most popular, produces well balanced all around good sound. Plain strings are made of specially tempered tin plated high carbon steel.", "product/productId": "B0002PBS6S"}
{"product/description": "Compatible with the SGM-1X/2X/1000 shotgun microphones and will work with many other manufactures modelsDesigned to keep the microphone \"out of the shot\" by moving it up and away from the camera body/lensAttached \"hot-shoe\" mount and equipped with specially formulated elastomer isolators that reduce noise from vibrationThe base of the holder is tapped to allow the attachment to various standsCompatible with the SGM-1X/2X/1000 shotgun microphones and will work with many other manufactures models", "product/productId": "B000EW1LLG"}
{"product/description": "The Pignose guitar amplifier is the answer to the worldwide demand for a high quality, economical and completely portable amplifier. It's powered by six pen light batteries or by an AC 9 volt converter (optional) which can be stored inside the amplifier case. Pignose gives the electric guitar the same mobility as the acoustic. Pignose weighs only five pounds. You can attach a standard guitar strap and sling it over your shoulder.  It's a Practice Amp Practice time doesn't always coincide with access to a power source and a large equipment supply. And you don't always want to practice at high volume. With Pignose, anywhere you practice, (hotel room. garage, limo, kitchen, dressing room or a place in the park), becomes your rehearsal hall.  It's a First Amp For the student guitarist, Pignose is the ideal first amplifier. It combines economy with quality. Pignose will never outlive its usefulness as a faithful and dependable travelling, practice and recording amplifier. In addition, Pignose has a preamp outjack which makes it possible to play the Pignose through a large and more powerful amplifier. Many professional musicians have been using Pignose as a preamp while performing.  It's a Performing Amp The Pignose sound has proved so desirable that it now appeas in live performance. It's not a question of hooking 600 Pignose in series: it's done by playing into a singular Pignose and amplifying the result with the usual host of amplifiers.  It's a Studio Amp If there's a situation where sound is critical, it's in the studio. That is where Pignose will really surprise you. Pignose works in the studio for the Real Pros. For example, on any album, a guitar can first be played into Pignose, then into the board.  It's Not Just a Guitar Amp Any instrument you can amplify you can play through a Pignose, including your own voice.\tThis is the one that started it all more than 35 years ago. The powerful little Pignose, with that distinctively funky Pignose sound, has been on call in countless recording studios, rehersal halls, dressing rooms, dorm rooms and backyards around the world since the rockin' sixties. The ultimate portable amplifier. Get tones from clean to pig-filthy with the turn of the coolest volume knob in the world.", "product/productId": "B0002D0JZ6"}
{"product/description": "The versatile, light-duty PDP by DW 700 Boom Cymbal Stand is a cost-effective alternative for the beginning or intermediate drummer. Boom cymbal stand easily converts to straight stand.", "product/productId": "B0002E5266"}
{"product/description": "Rico Royal reeds in strength 1.0 combine the features of the traditional Rico cut with a stronger spine and a \"French file,\" allowing for more resonance and harmonics in the sound. Rico Royal reeds have a more traditional French filed cut for increased response, especially in the low register, adding clarity to the tone and making soft attacks easier. Available for the full range of saxophone and clarinet voices and conveniently packaged in boxes of ten reeds.Since the acquisition of Rico by D'Addario & Co., Rico has strengthened its position as the global leader in woodwind reeds and accessories. Rico's state-of-the-art reed research center in Southern California employs a collaboration of agronomists, scientists, and musicians to produce top-quality reeds, including Rico Reserve premium reeds for clarinet and saxophone. Rico reeds are designed to benefit all levels of musicians, from the beginner to the seasoned professional. Many of the world's finest woodwind players perform with Rico reeds, such as Mark Nuccio, Jerry Bergonzi, Chris Potter, Benny Golson, Ernie Watts, Bob Sheppard, Henri Bok, Richie Hawley, Eric Alexander, and many more.\tRico Royal reeds have a more traditional French filed cut for increased response, especially in the low register, adding clarity to the tone and making soft attacks easier. Available for the full range of saxophone and clarinet voices and conveniently packaged in boxes of ten reeds and now 3-packs. French filed for flexibility and fast response Available for clarinets and saxophones Works well for classical and jazz applications Premium cane for consistent responseAt its San Fernando Valley facility, Rico has a state-of-the-art reed research center, and employs the collaboration of agronomists, scientists, and musicians to produce top-quality reeds that include Rico Reserve premium reeds for clarinet and saxophone. Rico reeds are designed to benefit all levels of musicians from the beginner to the seasoned professional. Many of the world's finest clarinetists and saxophonists use Rico brand reeds, such as Anthony McGill, Mark Nuccio, Jessica Phillips, Jerry Bergonzi, Chris Potter, Benny Golson, Ernie Watts, Bob Sheppard,  Walter Boeykens, Seiji Yokokawa, Philippe Geiss, Diastema Saxophone Quartet, and many more.  For more information, visit RicoReeds.com", "product/productId": "B0002HU6W8"}
{"product/description": "This contoured PRO PAC has always been great, but now its even better! Aside from its smashing good looks, it features a rugged ballistic exterior, a soft molded interior that can accommodate most all modern saxophones and has a built-in compartment for your neckpiece. Its also backpackable with the purchase of our comfy and compact backpack straps!", "product/productId": "B0002CZSEE"}
{"product/description": "The M-Audio Axiom 25 is an advanced, semi-weighted USB MIDI Controller. Don\\'t let the compact size of the Axiom 25 fool you. This advanced 25-key USB mobile MIDI controller features both semi-weighted action and assignable .... Buy M-Audio Axiom 25 USB MIDI Controller now! Buy M-Audio Axiom 25 USB MIDI Controller now!", "product/productId": "B000EM6TBI"}
{"product/description": "Gigbag Epiphone Solidbody Electric", "product/productId": "B0002D01KO"}
{"product/description": "Westerberg and First Act got together to design a signature rock guitar, the PW580. Its a killer electric with a rock and roll soul. Westerberg describes it as \"lean, clean, and meanjust like rock n roll ought to be.\"  The story goes that Westerberg was on tour somewhere in the middle of America, and he stopped into a mass retailer to buy shaving cream, and bought one of our crimson ME501 electric guitars on impulse, right off the shelf. He debuted the guitar onstage that night, and quickly brought it into heavy onstage rotation for the rest of the tour.  When we heard about it, we invited Westerberg to design a guitar with us. So we put our heads together and came up with the PW580  its a killer electric with a rock and roll soul.  Westerberg describes his vision for the PW580: \"something not too heavy, that I could play quietly or full volume. It has a single pickup, and it sort of snarls. Its lean, clean, and mean, and it doesnt have that big, overdriven, fuzzy sound. You can get that with an amp, but the guitar itself doesnt put it out, and thats what I was looking for. Theres a definite old-school thingit belongs in a garage. It probably sounds best in a garage playing surf music or something like that.  Specifications:  NECK  Profile: C shape  Wood: Maple  Head stock: First Act Pompadour with white binding.  FRETBOARD  Wood: Rosewood  Inlays: Dot Inlay  Binding: White   BODY  Shape: Kei  Wood: Solid poplar  Binding: White   HARDWARE Color: Chrome  Machine Heads: Die-cast sealed tuners, configured 3+3  Pickguard: Custom plaid print  Knobs: White speed dials   ELECTRONICS  Pickups: Alnico 5 magnet bridge pickup with First Act proprietary pickup cover  Controls: 1 volume, 1 tone.   FINISH  Body: Gloss black  Neck: Natural satin  Other: Signature truss rod cover\tFirst Act signature artist Paul Westerberg is one of the most influential artists of his generation- a pioneering songwriter, guitarist, and frontman of legendary status. As the leader of The Replacements, he helped pave the way for the 90s alternative rock revolution. The indie rock icon has recently been spotted on stage playing a guitar with a unique provenance. While on tour, Westerberg stopped into a local mass retailer to buy shaving cream, and bought a crimson First Act me501 electric guitar on impulse. Westerberg debuted the guitar onstage that night, and quickly brought it into heavy onstage rotation for the rest of his tour. First Act and Paul Westerberg have come together to design a great signature rock guitar, the me580. A killer electric with a rock and roll soul. Westerberg described his vision of the guitar: \" something not too heavy, that I could play quietly or full volume. It has a single pick-up, and it sort of snarls. It's lean, clean, and mean, and it doesn't have that big, overdriven, fuzzy sound. You can get that with an amp, but the guitar itself doesn't put it out, and that's what I was looking for. There's a definite old-school thing it belongs in a garage. It probably sounds best in a garage playing surf music or something like that.\" Designed for rock revolutionary Paul Westerberg of The Replacements, this solid body is ready to rock! The contoured custom body shape was designed in our Studio for Artists. A deep single cutaway offers high fret access. The maple neck cradles a smooth rosewood fretboard. One vintage-voiced single coil pickup offers a classic vintage tone. Punk rock plaid punctuates the pickguard. A tilted 3+3 headstock and string-through retainer system maximize sustain. Die cast tuning machines provide accurate tuning. Volume and tone knobs offer quick access to sound tweaks.", "product/productId": "B000EX85NW"}
{"product/description": "Plastic (Cellulose Acetate Nitrate)  Mixed Colors Thin 0.46mm bag of 24", "product/productId": "B0002CZSKI"}
{"product/description": "Elixir Strings revolutionized guitar strings by finding a way to extend the life of wound strings without compromising the tone. Polyweb coated strings have a balanced tone and smooth response - they sound like strings that have been \"played in\". Nanoweb coated strings sound and feel like uncoated strings - they are bright and lively, and the coating is so micro thin that you can barely tell it's there.", "product/productId": "B0002E1O7M"}
{"product/description": "Planet Waves Micro-fiber Polishing Cloth is a long lasting cleaning cloth for all instruments that can be used with or without polishes. Planet Waves Micro-Fiber Cloths traps particles deep inside its fibers which are 2000 times finer than a human hair. This eliminates the need for harsh cleansers. Planet Waves microfiber cloths last considerably longer than ordinary cloths, and can be washed multiple times for lasting, repeatable performance you can rely on.Planet Waves, part of the D'Addario family of brands, is known for innovative, problem-solving, quality musical accessories. Planet Waves offers a complete line of award-winning accessories including cables, picks, tuners, capos, straps, humidifiers, maintenance tools and more.\tThe Planet Waves Micro-Fiber polishing cloth acts like a magnet for dust, dirt, and oils, and lasts considerably longer than ordinary cloths. Woven from microscopic fibers, the Planet Waves Micro-Fiber Cloth is 10 times finer than silk, up to 30 times finer than cotton, and 100 times finer than a human hair. The fibers are woven into masses of tiny \"hooks & loops\" which cut through stains, attracting and absorbing dirt, smudges, and micro particles that ordinary cloths cannot reach or remove.BRBest of all, the Micro-Fiber polishing cloth needs only minimal polish or no polish at all!", "product/productId": "B0002GYW4C"}
{"product/description": "12 foot 1.5 inch tbar lighting tripod stand with 2 side bars", "product/productId": "B0002DNUHU"}
{"product/description": "Yamaha YRA-28B Alto Recorder, Key of F", "product/productId": "B000FJ1NWA"}
{"product/description": "All the features of a Les Paul but in a more affordable bolt-neck version. It features a slightly slimmer body for added comfort and hot open-coil Alnico-V Humbucking pickups on a carved top with individual pickup volume and tone controls. Les Paul Features in an Affordable Package.                   Alnico V humbuckers and the industry-standard Tune-O-Matic bridge.                          Rosewood fretboard with dot inlays.          Angled Headstock Unlike cheaper designs, all Epiphones feature a 14-degree headstock that gives you more pressure at the nut and so you get more sustain with less tuning hang-ups caused by \"string-tree\" gadgets.  Double-Waxed Pickups Epiphone utilizes a double vacuum waxing process that ensures optimum performance. The pickup is first placed in the specialized wax vacuuming system before the cover is put in place to ensure that the wax fully penetrates to the very center of the pickup and solidifies all parts. After the cover is placed on, it is again given a second vacuum wax bath until the unit is completely saturated with wax.  Output Jack To increase reliability and ensure consistent performance, Epiphone's proprietary output jacks feature an improved contact shape and heavy-duty spring steel.  Toggle Switches All Epiphones feature our all-metal, USA designed switches for reliable contact and longer life.  Tunomatic Bridge Fully adjustable, the tunomatic remains a classic after over 50 years. Unlike guitars fitted with tremolos, there are no tuning or re-stringing difficulties. Plus, tone and sustain are improved because all string vibrations are transferred directly to the guitar.  Potentiometers Epiphone is passionate about performance. That's why their instruments use one-inch diameter potentiometers for better \"throw,\" longer life and reliable service.  Quick-Connectors For unequalled reliability as well as ease of service, Epiphone wiring harnesses feature quick-connectors.  Specs    Pickups: 700T/650R   Hardware: Chrome   Scale: 24.75 inches   Nut width: 1.68 inches   Neck: Bolt, Mahogany   Fretboard: Rosewood   Inlays: Dot   Body material: Mahogany   Top: Maple   Tailpiece: Stopbar   Finishes available: Ebony, Heritage Cherry Sunburst, Vintage Sunburst\tThe Epiphone Les Paul 100 is the electric guitar you want, If you're starting to get serious about your music. The mahogany body with maple top delivers classic solid, heavy tone, while the bolt-on mahogany neck and rosewood fingerboard are easy to play. Features 700T/650R open-coil humbucker pickups and chrome hardware. The Epiphone Les Paul 100 guitar features classic Les Paul design and tone.", "product/productId": "B0002CZUTW"}
{"product/description": "Heavy Duty Music Stand Regular Black", "product/productId": "B0009JR9YC"}
{"product/description": "Neotech Super Banjo Strap, Black", "product/productId": "B0002E1NQ4"}
{"product/description": "Compact, lightweight, with clear audio quality. Sony's ECM-DS30P Electret Condenser Stereo Microphone is a high quality microphone for recording on digital media. The ECM-DS30P features plug in power operation, suitable stereo recording with ICD/MD, direct connection to recorder, structure to prevent vibration. Start recording clearer sound now with the ECM-DS30P Electret Condenser Stereo Microphone.", "product/productId": "B0007N55K0"}
{"product/description": "The FireBox is the most powerful 24-bit/96k FireWire recording interface that fits in the palm of your hand. The FireBox is a complete 24-Bit/96k personal recording studio combining two high quality PreSonus microphone/instrument preamplifiers and 24-Bit/96k sample rate. The FireBox is bundled with PreSonus Studio One Artist, our groundbreaking music creation program, and over 4 GB of virtual instruments, plug-ins, loops, and samples to get you started making music immediately.                  The most powerful 24-bit/96k FireWire recording interface that fits in the palm of your hand. Click to enlarge.                           View rear panel connections. Click to enlarge.                         Features a Zero-Latency DSP mixer. Click to enlarge.          Hardware The FireBox has the highest record/playback track count of its size with the ability to record six inputs and playback through ten outputs simultaneously all at pro-quality 24-bit/96kHz. Two ultra-low noise high-headroom microphone/instrument preamplifiers with 48V phantom power are on the front panel for quickly and easily connecting your favorite microphones and instruments. The FireBox also includes a high quality stereo headphone output with volume adjustment on the front panel. The headphone output has its own two-channel driver stream which can be used as a separate stereo bus or two-channel output giving you the ability to send a \"cue\" mix to the headphone output and a main mix to the main output. Two additional balanced TRS line inputs are located on the rear of the FireBox along with six balanced TRS line outputs. Two channels of S/PDIF input/output and MIDI input/output are also included via DB9 breakout cable. A software router/mixer is also included for further flexibility and power. The 1/3U-wide metal chassis of the FireBox is designed to fit the MAXRACK rack-mounting system from PreSonus and can be racked with the TubePRE, COMP16, EQ3B and HP4 for a neat and compact computer recording system. The FireBox works with both four and six-pin FireWire (IEEE 1394) connectors and can be powered by either 6-pin FireWire bus power, or powered by an external power transformer. DSP Mixer Included The FireBox features a Zero-Latency DSP mixer that allows you to mix all six live inputs with a software output stream, then route that mix to any one of its outputs, as well as assign either that mix or a software output stream to its headphone amplifier. This feature eliminates monitoring through the computer and makes it easy to customize a mix for the artist. It also allows CUEING for DJs and live performance where the headphone output can monitor a completely different signal than the MAIN outputs. FireBox Features    High-Speed FireWire Network Audio Interface   Plug and play FireWire (IEEE 1394) audio interface   24-Bit / 44.1, 48, 88.2, 96K sample rate   Record/playback 6 inputs/10 outputs at 24-bit/96K   2 PreSonus microphone/instrument preamplifiers   2 analog line inputs, 6 analog line outputs   S/PDIF input/output   MIDI input/output   Low latency monitoring   Headphone output   Powered via FireWire bus or externally   Software router/mixer   Windows and Macintosh compatible   Fits MAXRACK rack mounting system   FREE PreSonus Studio One Artist recording and production software  What's in the Box PreSonus FireBox, AC Adapter, FireWire Cable, Software/Driver CDs, User's Manual\tThe FireBox is the most powerful 24-bit/96k FireWire recording interface that fits in the palm of your hand. The FireBox is a complete 24-Bit/96k personal recording studio combining two high quality PreSonus microphone/instrument preamplifiers, 24-Bit/96k sample rate and Steinberg's Cubase LE 48-track recording software. The FireBox is the perfect hardware and software combination for a powerful professional-quality and compact computer-based studio.", "product/productId": "B0006VYH1Q"}
{"product/description": "Heavy-gauge steel construction. Rails are finished with smooth edges. Rails scored to adjust from 23\" to 27\" length.", "product/productId": "B000LGMM4A"}
{"product/description": "The KXTSC14W supports two phone lines, making it ideal for families and small businesses, who will also greatly appreciate the phone's speakerphone for hands-free operation. For those who subscribe to Caller ID service, offered by most local carriers, the phone's two-line LCD on the base makes screening and tracking your calls a breeze. Fifty phone numbers are stored in the Caller ID memory, acting as a virtual phone book for quick callbacks. In addition, the KXTSC14W boasts a digital answering system, with three mailboxes.  Wall mountable, the phone features basics like flash, redial, and hold, as well as a 10-number speed dialer for frequently called friends and a 90-day warranty.    What's in the BoxBase unit, tilt stand/wall mount, handset, coiled handset cord, telephone line cord, instructions, warranty information\tSpecifications: Color: WhiteNumber of Phone Lines: 2Automatic Line Selection:YesDistinctive Ring: YesCall Waiting Caller ID 1: YesCaller ID Memory and Dialer 2: 50Voice Mail Message Waiting Indicator: Yes3-Way Conferencing: YesHeadset Jack (On-Hook): YesAC Adaptor: YesSpeakerphone: YesSpeakerphone Volume Control:YesOne-Touch Dialer: NoSpeed Dialer: NoNavigator Key:Yes3-Line LCD: Yes1-Line LCD with Clock: NoData Port: YesHandset Volume Control: YesRinger Indicator Lamp: NoRinger Pattern: NoHold: YesMute: NoRedial: YesFlash button: YesPause: YesDial Lock: No1 Intercom Path: NoCall Restriction: NoFlexible Extension Numbering: NoCall Transfer: NoProgrammable Tone/Pulse: YesWall Mountable: Yes", "product/productId": "B00005K2QP"}
{"product/description": "Now you can see who's called you, listen to their messages, and then talk to them hands-free, all with one economical phone. Packing a suite of advanced features, the Panasonic KX-TC1743 can be used in conjunction with call waiting/caller ID services, showing the names and phone numbers of callers on the three-line backlit LCD display on the phone's handset. Plus, operating at 900 MHz, the unit offers a longer range and better sound quality than older cordless phones using a lower frequency, and it features digital transmission for security. The handset will store 50 caller IDs, which can be used almost as a virtual phone book, letting you easily review and call past callers. In addition to the 50-caller storage, you can program an additional 50 numbers into the base for your frequently dialed calls. For even greater freedom of movement, the KX-TC1743's digital duplex speakerphone features digital circuitry and can be used either from the base or the handset, letting you enjoy the luxury of both cordless and hands-free operation. The digital answering system stores up to 15 minutes of messages on a microchip, including the date and time the message was recorded. The answering machine has some smart features included, such as new-message playback (which only plays new incoming messages) and auto-interrupt for easy screening of calls. You can also use the machine's remote operation to listen to your messages from any touchtone phone when you're away from home. Panasonic offers a one-year warranty on parts and 90 days on labor.\tKX-TC1743B PANASONIC Panasonic KX-TC1743B Cordless Telephone Base w/ CID", "product/productId": "B00005K2QE"}
{"product/description": "A durable MULTI-PURPOSE envelope. Dual purpose seal allows for multiple uses. Use the moisture activated gummed seal for mailing or the strong metal clasp for repeated use and storage purposes. Features: EXTRA heavy-duty opaque 32lb brown kraft material provides privacy of contents. Open end closure. Sized: 9\" x 12\". Quantity = 100 envelopes.", "product/productId": "B000078CQ7"}
{"product/description": "Wedge-It was designed by a Fireman to hold self-closing doors open during a fire or emergency. It is also used today by Police, Bomb Squads S.W.A. T, Fire Departments, Ambulance Personnel, Moving & Delivery, Hotel Bellhops and Housekeeping. One big advantage of teh Wedge-It over a standard door wedge is that the door can swing further open, but will always stay open 90 degrees when the door swings back. A standard door wedge gets in the way and is either kicked away or does not hold the door when the door swings back. The Wedge-It will work from any of 3 different locations on the door - TOP, OVER THE HINGE or ON THE FLOOR. Comes in 4 different colors; Yellow, Lime-Green, Orange and Black. Order several at the same time to save on shipping.\t\t**As a matter of caution and as noted above, the Wedge-It was designed by a fireman for use by police, fire and emergency services. If using the Wedge-It on a standard door hinge, closing the door completely while the Wedge-It is installed, could cause the hinge to be pulled off.**", "product/productId": "B00070FXDC"}
{"product/description": "Perfect as a gratitude journal or personal diary, this embossed Carpe Diem journal features classic styling and timeless charm. The leather cover features embossed Carpe Diem text while the acid-free paper features writing lines. The soft cover and small size makes it easy to add to your purse or bag for journaling-on-the-go. Makes a wonderful personal gift. Imported. 7Lx5W\".", "product/productId": "B000OMIL1O"}
{"product/description": "This affordable, hands-free speakerphone offers a host of convenient features, including a data port for hassle-free Internet connections from your computer and a visual message-waiting/new call indicator (for use with your paid voicemail service). The 958's adjustable-contrast, trilingual LCD provides caller ID/call waiting information (provided you have a subscription to caller ID services through your local phone company), and the phone stores up to 50 names and numbers and works with your caller ID service to remember the last 99 callers. Other features include power-failure operation, ringer and receiver/speakerphone volume controls, redial, hold, flash, and display dial. The phone is hearing-aid compatible and may be configured for either wall or desktop. The package contains a 958 telephone, mounting base, telephone handset, handset cord, two line cords, a power adapter, and a user's manual.\tSpeakerphone w/CID & Data port - Corded telephone- Hands free speakerphone- Caller ID/Call Waiting Caller ID- 99# Caller ID history - Message waiting light- Display dial- 50# name & number directory- Receiver/speakerphone volume control- Call timer- Hold/redial/flash- Ringer volume control- Wall mountable- Data port- 3 Line by 15 character display- Power failure operation (dialing and ringer with still work during a power failure)- Memory loss protection- Adjustable LCD contrast- Hearing aid compatible- White with gray number buttons- Dimensions: 8.5L x 7W x 3H", "product/productId": "B00006LLIT"}
{"product/description": "Unique liquid ink formula maintains consistent flowing strokes from first word to last. Advanced ink feed system provides smooth, skip-free writing. Extra-fine point creates vivid lines. Global Product Type: Pens; Pen Type: Roller Ball; Special Ink Type: N/A; Pen Style: Stick.", "product/productId": "B00006IEBL"}
{"product/description": "Personalize and identify all your CDs and DVDs with Fellowes NEATO Matte CD/DVD Labels. Great for archiving photos, identifying back-up disks, and producing professional-looking presentations, these photo-quality white labels provide brilliant color and resolution while permanent, non-oozing adhesive ensures safe labeling. These labels are for use with inkjet or laser printers.  What's in the Box 300 Fellowes NEATO Matte CD/DVD Labels.\tPhoto-quality for brilliant color and resolution. Wont peel off in drive or damage media.", "product/productId": "B00006B8KJ"}
{"product/description": "Wireless network-friendly phone systems take communication to a higher level for incredible sound clarity. The KX-TG5432M 5.8 GHz GigaRange system uses frequency-hopping spread spectrum technology and operates on a different wavelength with much less traffic than 2.4 GHz phones to give enhanced range, security, and clarity. The multi-handset cordless phone system is ideal for large families and home offices.  Features:  5.8 GHz frequency-hopping digital spread spectrum technology (FHSS) for minimal interference, clear sound, and all the advantages of digital  One additional handset and remote charger stand  Caller IQ compatible  Chain dialing  Call waiting/caller ID to see the name and phone number of incoming calls even while talking on another call  50-station caller ID memory and dialer  50-station phone books that are sharable among handsets Large multifunction three-line LCD display on handset (see each caller's complete caller ID information without additional scrolling)  Backlighting on the handset LCD greatly aids visibility especially in low light  All-digital answering system with voice menu & time/day stamp, 2-Digit LCD call counter on base, remote control from handset and outside lines Voice enhancer technology Easy operation (menu driven)  Three ringer patterns and four melody rings  Lighted handset keypad  Each handset includes headphone jack and belt clip  What's in the Box Two handsets, base unit with answering system, one remote charging cradle, two power adapters, one phone cord, user guide, warranty card, two belt clips, two batteries, two battery covers\tTP PA KX-TG5432M 5.8GHZ DUAL HANDSET PHONE SYSTEM WITH TAD", "product/productId": "B0007Q3QPS"}
{"product/description": "VTech's proprietary digital Encryption Process and digital security coding provides the user with and extra level of security combined with superior sound quality. An array of features are offered including the Dual Battery Back-up System exclusive to VTech made phones, which assures power backup at all times.\t900 Mhz Digital -Two Line Digital Answering Device with CW & CID", "product/productId": "B00000JB97"}
{"product/description": "The new G series Kodak Photo Paper Kit, designed exclusively for the Kodak EasyShare G600 Printer Dock, enables you to make borderless 4 x 6-inch (10 x 15-centimeter) prints. And, with XtraLife Lamination, you will have Kodak quality pictures that last. Features and benefits of Kodak Photo Paper Kits Print real Kodak Pictures measuring 4 x 6 inches (10 x 15 centimeters). The quantity of photo paper exactly matches the color cartridge so you are sure to get the exact number of prints everytime. Kodak XtraLife Lamination provides a special protective coating to produce worry-free pictures that are waterproof, stain-resistant, and last a lifetime under typical album display.\tKODAK 1410596 Photo Paper Kits (50 Sheets)", "product/productId": "B000I0TMAG"}
{"product/description": "This sturdy stepping stool not only provides access to upper kitchen cupboards, it permits family members to get where they need to go in the garage, workroom, library, and wherever light bulbs need  changing. And, when kids want to hang posters in their bedrooms, this stool lifts them safely. It features all-steel construction, with durable, nonskid black plastic mats on its 12-by-8-inch steps. Step up to the top and you're 17 inches off the floor, which puts most people into Shaquille O'Neal's airspace. The steel frame resists rust and chipping. (A white frame version is also available.) For storage, the stool folds to a compact package just 1 inch thick and 23 by 20-1/2 inches high and wide. A strap facilitates carrying. Safety features include nonskid feet and a self-locking device  that clicks in automatically when the steps are unfolded. To unlock, just lift the bright red tab. --Fred Brack\tThis chrome two step stool has steel construction for durability. Easy to open, close and store, they lock into place in the open position for extra safety. Skid resistant feet and carrying handle. Folds to 23\"H x 1-1/2\"D. Open dimensions: 15 3/4\"H x 18\"W x 18\"D. Includes black non skid rubber mat steps. 225lb weight capacity. Folds to 1 1/2\" deep for storage. Dimensions of Steps 11 3/4\"W x 7 7/8\"L Weighs approximately 7 pounds. .", "product/productId": "B00004SAC3"}
{"product/description": "The I5808 is an accessory handset requiring the I5871 base system for operation. You don't need a phone jack for this handsetjust an electrical outlet to plug into. You can transfer calls and use the intercom function between phones to aid communications. The large lighted handset display with graphics allows for easy navigation of phone's features using the icon driven menu. You can also personalize your phone's display using any of the preset wallpaper images, or have fun with picture caller ID that associates caller ID information with preset images when your friends or family call you. Both the handset and base display the name and number of the last 100 callers. (Caller ID services require subscription through your provider.)  5.8 GHz technology offers you the best available performance when it comes to clarity and security. To be on the 5.8 GHz wavelength means you're on a much less trafficked area of the bandwidth than both the 2.4 GHz and 900 MHz products occupy. The handset includes a standard headset jack for hands-free operation, and easy to use volume controls so you can adjust the level to your preference. VTech includes a one-year warranty covering parts and service.  What's in the Box: Handset, charger, charger adapter, belt clip, battery, audio patch cable, USB cable, VTech phonebook manager CD, user's manual, quick start guide, special features guide, warranty card\tVtech I5808 - Full Color Accessory Handset w/ Picture Caller ID", "product/productId": "B0009HG63Y"}
{"product/description": "The McGill Metal Products Nickel-Plated Steel Money Changer is a heavy-duty, long-lasting money change with penny, nickel, dime and quarter barrels and adjustable hooks for attachment to a belt or other accessory.\tSide hooks attach easily to belt. Four barrels to hold pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters. Nickel-plated steel.", "product/productId": "B0006HX1GC"}
{"product/description": "This Contact CCD Barcode Scanner is very reliable and can be used for many applications. The NuScan 1000 series scanners are the most popular bar code scanning devices in our product line. Manufactured for durability, and our exclusive ergonomic design for comfort and ease of use, make the NuScan 1000 bar code scanners the best in their class. For fast connection, the NuScan 1000P simply plugs between your keyboard and PC, or if you prefer USB, the NuScan 1000U is the scanner for you. A serial version is also available. All three scanners send data to your active application as if you typed it from your keyboard. Designed for retail, point of sale, or any repetitive application where time and accuracy are important factors in making your business succeed.", "product/productId": "B000GGTTC8"}
{"product/description": "Some of the latest PC games require lightening fast reflexes, especially when playing against other people online. You'll need every advantage you can get, which brings us to the Zero Gamers Mat. It's a mousepad with a wide mousing surface that has two sides: One side is designed to give you increased accuracy, while the other is geared to provide more mousing speed.It's compatible with laser and optical mice, and features non-slip rubber grips - so the Zero Gamers Mat will stay put, no matter how fast-paced the action. The Zero Gamers Mat is the ideal gift for the gamer in your life.Unit Dimensions - 10 x 13 x 0.15", "product/productId": "B000LI5X7G"}
{"product/description": "Panasonic's KX-TG5212M utilizes 5.8 GHz DSS signal operation for increased call security and range and less interference. Call waiting/caller ID-ready, the phone offers a 50-call memory and dialer, accessible through the handset's three-line backlit LCD. And, it's expandable, accommodating up to two additional handsets (for a total of four). The built-in answering system features all-digital operation, meaning no moving parts and no tapes to wear out. You can pre-program frequently called numbers, even chain dialing for automated systems that require a series of numeric inputs. The KX-TG5212M is Caller IQ compatible, a service that allows you to receive updates on weather, sports, horoscopes, and more, that are sent directly to your telephone and displayed on the handset screen (requires optional service). What's in the Box Two handsets, one base unit, one remote charging cradle, two AC power adapters, one phone line cord, two belt clips, two NiMH battery packs and battery covers, user guide, warranty information\tA practical solution for any home or home office, this pair of cordless Panasonic phones operates using a single phone jack, which means you won't have to install another jack to put the second handsetor a third or fourth (sold separately)where you need it. The 5.8GHz digital system operates on a special wavelength with much less traffic for minimal interference and incredible clarity, and features an all-digital, tape-free answering system that stores 15 minutes of messages. The phones have enhanced digital speakerphones in the handsets for hands-free and echo-free, natural-sounding conversations. Both handsets' antenna tips flash during an incoming call and flash slowly when you have a message waiting. The 3-line, backlit LCD displays show the caller's ID*, as well as call-waiting ID*, and store up to 50 names and numbers, which can be dialed at the touch of a button. Caller ID compatible*. Features chain dialing, 3 ringer patterns and 3 melody rings, lighted handset keypad, and headset jack and belt clip. Includes 2 handsets, 1 base unit and 1 handset charging cradle. Charcoal. *Requires phone company service.", "product/productId": "B0001W9II2"}
{"product/description": "Franklin's latest Electronic Crossword Puzzle Solver is now available as your companion to solving crosswords. Take advantage of these features  Easily search through over 250,000 words and phrases from Merriam-Websterincluding: countries, capitals, islands, mountains, national parks, rivers, actors, composers, heroes, inventors, Nobel Prize winners, sports and more!  Find missing letters in your puzzle by using a '?' in place of the unknown letter.  \"Second-guess\" feature provides other solutions by changing one or two letters.  Solves Scrabble and Jumble puzzles too!  Large, high-contrast display screen for comfortable lookup.\t10-22-2007 - Brand New Item. Description - FRANKLIN CWP206 Crossword Puzzle Solver", "product/productId": "B00006IFTO"}
{"product/description": "BIC Matic Grip Mechanical Pencil, Fine Point (0.5mm), 5 Pencils (12 Packages of 5 Pencils)", "product/productId": "B000FKHPSK"}
{"product/description": "The Uni-ball Vision pen has free flowing and fluid ink, similar to a fountain pen. You can actually feel the ball contacting the paper and see the ink flowing out of the pen as you write. And like most of our Uni-ball pens, it also features Uni Super Ink that helps prevent against check and document fraud. This pigment based ink contains particles that form an indelible bond- it cant be brokenever.", "product/productId": "B00006IE8J"}
{"product/description": "SteelSeries S - by gamers, for gamers. This mouse pad offers unprecedented control and accuracy allowing the user to perform minimal and extremely precise movements. The surface is made of specially responsive plastic compound and the back side features small soft rubber elements offering non-slippery steadiness. The highly durable surface obtains increasing durability and offers a consistent glide experience that will even improve over time. The SteelSeries S comes with a protective sleeve to protect the mouse pad during transportation to and from LAN-events.", "product/productId": "B000ANEQFM"}
{"product/description": "The Xircom Rex 5001 is a credit-card-size personal assistant that readily plugs into your PC's card slot or the serial port or REX docking station to share data and quickly synchronize information. The highly readable nine-line LCD screen and intuitive six-button interface let you add, view, and manage information on the road and in the office. The system allows easy review and access to contacts with names, numbers, and addresses, and allows you to organize your time and keep track of appointments and task lists anywhere you travel.The Rex 5001 runs for up to six months without needing fresh batteries or a recharge (it requires two CR2025 lithium batteries). The clock provides the correct time, no matter where you are in the world, and has an alarm to keep you on schedule. Although the Xircom REX 5001 does not require a PC, you'll want to network to capitalize on every benefit this organizer has to offer. Share your notes from the road with your desktop or notebook. The calendar tracks daily, weekly, and monthly data at a glance. Personal memos, notes, and much more information are all a touch away.Xircom offers a one-year limited warranty on parts and labor.", "product/productId": "B00004SZ9F"}
{"product/description": "Perfect for the everyday office environment, the Panasonic KX-TS108W white corded phone has all the basic features you could ask for. The phone's base includes speakerphone functions with electronic volume control and houses an integrated data port. Additional features include hold, flash, mute, and redial. You can engage the dial lock or program call restrictions, making the phone ideal for public areas. The phone is headset compatible and can be mounted on a wall.\tThe Panasonic(r) KX-TS108W is an integrated telephone system with 16-digit LCD, clock, and hearing aid compatibility (HAC). The speakerphone gives you the convenience of fielding your phone calls hands-free. This phone system can be hung on a wall to free up desk or counter space.", "product/productId": "B000069LIH"}
{"product/description": "With Siemens's 4010 Gigaset, you can leave the house and still stay connected. By using the walkie-talkie function, you can contact anyone who has a handset within 1,000 feet outdoors. With long-ranging 2.4 GHz digital technology, the 4010 provides lightweight communication with a clear signal, plus the most in-demand features like caller ID and call waiting, all in an expandable unit.The 4010 has a 30-number caller ID memory and 20 speed-dial presets both displayed on the large backlit LED screen. The slim handset, weighing just 5.6 ounces and measuring 2-by-6.5-by-1.5-inches, has volume control and last number redial. The compact base is headset compatible and multi-user expandable, and it has the essential page feature to help you find the handset wherever it was left. The long battery life provides 10 hours of talk time and 200 hours of standby, plus a low-battery indicator.", "product/productId": "B00005T81F"}
{"product/description": "Designed for active, outdoor lifestyles--as well as the rigors of harsh urban landscapes--the full-sized Timex T44381 Expedition stainless steel watch adds a stylish yet rugged complement to your everyday wear. It features a large, round silver stainless steel watch case with flattened, brushed bezel that frames a white dial background with Arabic numerals, inset 24-hour notations in red, large, luminous stick hands (with seconds hand), and a date display at 3 o'clock. With the Quick Date function, you can set the date on the watch without turning the crown for every 24-hour period. Just pull the stem halfway out, and turn until desired date is reached. It also offers an 8-year battery life, water resistance to 50 meters (165 feet), and a genuine leather strap in brown.   The Indiglo night-light uniformly lights the surface of the watch dial using patented blue electroluminescent lighting technology. It uses less battery power than most other watch illumination systems, enabling your watch battery to last longer.\tWe feel most alive when were furthest from lifes routine. The air seems fresher when we ski unmarked slopes, define our own trail, or escape to our secluded fishing spot. Creating a relationship with nature nourishes like no technology can. Timex Expedition watches reflect the secluded terrain that inspires adventure, and are built to endure the depths and elements you subject yourself to.  While it looks like a casual watch, the full-sized Timex Men's T44381 Expedition Metal Field Brown Leather Strap Watch adds a stylish yet rugged complement to your everyday wear. It features a large, round brushed silver-tone brass watch case with a flattened, brushed bezel that frames a white dial background with Arabic numerals, inset 24-hour notations in red, large, luminous stick hands (with seconds hand), and a date display at 3 o'clock. With the Quick Date function, you can set the date on the watch without turning the crown for every 24-hour period. Just pull the stem halfway out, and turn until desired date is reached. It also offers an 8-year battery life, water resistance to 165 feet (50 meters), and a genuine leather strap in brown.  The Indiglo night-light uniformly lights the surface of the watch dial using patented blue electroluminescent lighting technology. It uses less battery power than most other watch illumination systems, enabling your watch battery to last longer.", "product/productId": "B0000TIIVE"}
{"product/description": "AN AMERICAN SUCCESS STORY Like many other American success stories, LUMINOX came from a forward-thinking individual realizing a need in the market and meeting it. Barry Cohen had been in the fashion watch business for quite some time when he came across a Swiss self-powered illumination system and knew that it would make watches more visible and easier to read in low or no light situations. As a result, Cohen and a partner developed watches using this unique illumination system (called Luminox Light Technology) and LUMINOX was born back in 1989 (Lumi is Latin for light while Nox is Latin for night), driven by a commitment to offer cutting-edge luminescence and readability in its line of high-performance sports watches. The Navy SEALs and More The Luminox Navy SEAL watch is the timepiece that made Luminox famous. The officer in charge of procurement for the Navy SEALs, Nick North, was asked to seek a more dependable watch for night missions and found the solution at a trade show where he discovered Luminox. He worked with Barry Cohen to develop a watch specifically for them and the Navy SEAL watch was born. \"Luminox had exactly the watch we were looking for  we only added a few small things,\" Nick North, Senior Public Safety Engineer and Operations Specialist, remembered. \"We arranged to test some and they worked great. We made a few changes, then the East Coast team started issuing them and the West Coast teams came on board.\"  After Luminox provided the watches to the SEALs, more elite units contacted them directly, while at the same time Luminox began marketing the watch across the country and the world. Luminox was then approached by US Air Force pilots flying the F-117 Nighthawk Stealth fighter jet. They were wearing the Navy SEAL timepieces, but chafed at the word \"Navy\" on the dial. Luminox then developed a watch for these pilots and approached Lockheed Martin, the makers of the F-117 Nighthawk for a picture of the plane to use in the catalogs that marketed the watches. This initial contact turned into an exclusive arrangement to produce Lockheed Martin timepieces, including watches dedicated to the F-117 Nighthawk, F-16 Fighting Falcon, SR-111 Blackbird and the new F-22 Raptor. The Rest of the Story Throughout the following 20 years, Luminox has never strayed from its mission which has been confirmed and validated by the many elite military and law enforcement units that have adopted Luminox as standard equipment. Luminox has expanded its collection to include a variety of styles, created for the active consumer, the sportsman, law enforcement and military groups, divers and more. Currently, Luminox is distributed in 40 countries around the world and supplies elite units all over the world. In addition, the man on the street has shown particular interest in Luminox, anxious to use the watches put to the test every single day  on the worlds most difficult jobs, figuring rightly that if they have been requested by, designed for and used by the Navy SEALs, they have to be able to stand up to every day use.  The Technology The Luminox Light Technology makes Luminox watches Always Visible  in fact, the technology Luminox uses provides 24/7 luminosity, no matter the conditions, for more than 25 years. Most other watches use luminescent paint that has to be charged by a light source and fades very quickly, or a \"push to light\" system, where you push a button for battery-driven illumination. Luminox, however, uses proprietary technology, in the past reserved for the military, that makes Luminox watches stand out, literally. Each Luminox watch features tiny gas lights (borosilicate glass capsules), which are always lit, on the hands, hour markers and when necessary, bezels. As a result of this unique technology, Luminox watches are always readable at a glance, no matter the conditions. The U.S. military has long recognized the advantages of micro gas light sources and their use is mandated in procurement specification MIL-W-46374F. Being able to read the watches in any conditions, even in total darkness, is an important requirement of many military and law enforcement agencies. The U.S. Navy SEALs use the watches, as do U.S. Air Force pilots, FBI and ATF agents, Secret Service officers, Border Patrol units, Coast Guard officers, SWAT teams, as well as general law enforcement officers, helicopter search and rescue pilots, professional divers and other groups. The Luminox Light Technology system is hand applied in each and every watch. Though more complicated, expensive and time consuming than normal luminescence, it is one of the things that makes Luminox watches special. This unique technology and the additional quality control steps Luminox mandates require extraordinary attention to detail and care in manufacturing. The Benefits The ultimate Swiss illumination system glows without the need to push a button or expose to light Glows continuously for more than 25 years Swiss Made with jeweled Swiss movements Water resistant and shock resistant Production All Luminox watches are Swiss Made, produced by Luminoxs corporate partner, Mondaine Watch Company, one of the leaders in Swiss manufacturing. Located in Zurich with manufacturing facilities in Biberist, Switzerland, Mondaine recently won a Swiss Logistics Award for its \"just in time\" production. Mondaine applies its more than 50 years of experience when producing the complicated Luminox watches. The Future Luminox will continue to combine cutting edge technology, forward-thinking design and extreme performance. Luminox delivers, when and where it counts.", "product/productId": "B000F1S0AQ"}
{"product/description": "Stainless steel case with a black croco-embossed leather strap. Fixed stainless steel bezel. Silver guilloche dial with silver-tone hands and Roman numeral hour markers. Minute markers around the oter rim. Date display at the 3 o'clock position. Automatic movement movement. Scratch resistant sapphire crystal. Skeleton case back. Case diameter: 39 mm. Case thickness: 9.1 mm. Tang clasp. Water resistant at 30 meters (100 feet). Tissot T-Classic Le Locle Mens Watch T41.1.423.33.", "product/productId": "B000JKSS8M"}
{"product/description": "The Timex Watch Company Timex Group B.V. is one of the best-known American watch companies. Timex's U.S. headquarters are located in Middlebury Connecticut and it has substantial operations in China, the Philippines and India and full scale sales companies in Canada, the UK, France and Mexico.   The company began in 1854 as Waterbury Clock in Connecticut's Naugatuck Valley, known during the nineteenth century as the \"Switzerland of America.\" Sister company Waterbury Watch manufactured the first inexpensive mechanical pocket watch in 1880. During World War I, Waterbury began making wristwatches, which had only just become popular, and in 1933 it made history by creating the first Mickey Mouse clock under license from Walt Disney, with Mickey's hands pointing the time.   During World War II, Waterbury renamed itself U.S. Time Company. In 1950 the company introduced a wristwatch called the Timex. Over the next three decades, Timex was sold through a series of advertisements which emphasized its durability by putting the watch through \"torture tests,\" such as falling over the Grand Coulee Dam or being strapped to the propeller of an outboard motor, with the slogan \"It takes a licking and keeps on ticking.\" With the help of former Olympic broadcaster, spokesman John Cameron Swayze, sales took off. The company later became Timex Corporation, then Timex Group and, to date, has sold over one billion watches.   The company has remained very competitive and the Timex brand continues its dominance through present day. Its primary market remains the United States and Canada, although the Timex brand is sold worldwide due to its ability to capitalize on its strong brand image and reputation for quality.   One of the most successful and important features available on many Timex watches is the Indiglo backlight system. Indiglo is a brand name of Indiglo Corporation, solely owned by Timex for licensing purposes. Timex electroluminescent lamps, branded Indiglo, were introduced in 1992 in the Ironman watch line. They were an immediate success. The Indiglo lamp uniformly lights the surface of the Timexs watch dials in a manner that makes the dial read very easily in many different light settings. In some newer watches the Indiglo backlight only lights up the numbers, rather than the entire LCD display, which is achieved by means of a specialized film that inverts the LCD transmissivity.   Today, Timex Group products are manufactured in the Far East and in Switzerland often based on technology that continues to be developed in the United States and in Germany. With a large and varied line of watches, Timex has the style for everyone. From the locker room to the board room, there is a great Timex style time-piece for you.   Timex Warranty Information  The Basic Coverage: This TIMEX Watch (but not any battery, crystal, band, or strap) is warranted to the owner for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of purchase against defects in manufacture by Timex Corporation - not by the dealer from whom the watch was purchased.  What Timex Will Do: If this watch develops such a defect within the one year period, it will be repaired (i.e. a new or thoroughly reconditioned and inspected module will be installed or replaced and a watch of equal value and similar appearance will be supplied) at our option, provided it is returned with a $7.00 check or money order to cover costs of postage, handling, and service, and you provide proof of purchase and date of purchase.   This Limited Warranty Does Not Cover: Timex will not repair defects relating to servicing not performed by Timex Corporation. Timex will not provide any warranty service if your watch shows evidence that it has been tampered with, misused, abused, or altered; for example: moisture damage sufficient to affect the proper function of the watch; damage to the case; or visible cracking of the crystal. Timex reserves the right to charge you for a replacement battery, if the battery in your watch is depleted. No additional charge will be made unless the one year warranty has expired or servicing is necessary for reasons beyond our control, in which case a moderate charge will be made. TIMEX IS NOT LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, special, or consequential, damages, so the above exclusion or limitation may not apply to you.  Your Rights Under Implied Warranties and State Law: THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESSED WARRANTIES, OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITIES. TIMEX LIMITS THE DURATION OF ANY WARRANTY IMPLIED BY STATE LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TO ONE YEAR FROM THE DATE OF ORIGINAL PURCHASE. Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.    Care of Your Watch: Avoid exposing your watch to water, steam, or other forms of moisture, if it is non-water-resistant. If the lens becomes damaged, have it replaced at once to avoid damage to the module. When your battery is depleted, have it replaced promptly. The particular type of battery is indicated on your caseback.  Service of Your Watch: If your TIMEX watch should ever need servicing, either send it to Timex addressed as follows:  HOTLINE WATCH SERVICE P.O. Box 2740 Little Rock, AR 72203   Because of possible loss, we recommend insuring your watch, return receipt requested, when using the mails. If you do not obtain the proper receipt within a reasonable time, start a tracer through the originating post office.   NEVER INCLUDE A SPECIAL WATCHBAND OR ANY OTHER ARTICLE OF PERSONAL VALUE IN YOUR SHIPMENT. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE MAY SUBSTITUTE A WATCH OF EQUAL VALUE AND SIMILAR APPEARANCE FOR YOURS ON BOTH IN-WARRANTY AND OUT-OF-WARRANTY REPAIRS.   For your convenience in obtaining factory service, participating Timex retailers will be pleased to provide you with a postage-paid, pre-addressed Watch Repair Mailer.   TIMEX is a trademark and a service mark of Timex Corporation. REG. U.S. PAT. & TM. OFF.\tThis Timex Watch (but not any battery, crystal, band, or strap) is warranted to the owner for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of purchase against defects in manufacture by Timex Corporation. Timex will not repair defects relating to servicing not performed by Timex Corporation. This limited warranty applies to US Customers.", "product/productId": "B000936JLM"}
{"product/description": "Designed for active, outdoor lifestyles--as well as the rigors of harsh urban landscapes--the full-sized Timex T41361 Expedition analog/digital watch adds a stylish yet rugged complement to your everyday wear. It features a 24-hour chronograph with lap and split timing options, 24-hour countdown timer, alarm, and three time zones. The silver stainless steel case is toped with a silver bezel with engraved 10-minute marks that frames an off-white dial background with a mix of silver stick and Arabic numeral markings and large luminous hands (with seconds hand). It also offers water resistance to 100 meters (330 feet) and a genuine leather band in brown with white contrast stitching.   The Indiglo night-light uniformly lights the surface of the watch dial using patented blue electroluminescent lighting technology. It uses less battery power than most other watch illumination systems, enabling your watch battery to last longer. The Night Mode feature allows you to illuminate the Indiglo night-light for 3 seconds with any button press, regardless of the mode or function.\tThis Timex Watch (but not any battery, crystal, band, or strap) is warranted to the owner for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of purchase against defects in manufacture by Timex Corporation. Timex will not repair defects relating to servicing not performed by Timex Corporation. This limited warranty applies to US Customers.", "product/productId": "B000936JI0"}
{"product/description": "The Seiko Men's Automatic Stainless Steel Watch boasts high-tech Japanese automatic movement hidden behind classic analog styling. Precise 21-jewel Japanese automatic movement keeps this watch functioning without a battery--it powers automatically with the movement of your arm. This high-tech feature is tucked away behind the watch's black dial, which boasts luminous silver-toned hands and baton hour markers. The dial also sports a date window at the three o'clock position, and the entire dial is protected by a Hardlex mineral crystal. Keeping all of this securely on your wrist is a brushed-and-polished stainless steel link bracelet that closes with a fold-over clasp. Other features include a stainless steel case with an exhibition case back and water-resistance to 99 feet (30 meters).\tThe Seiko Men's Automatic Stainless Steel Watch boasts high-tech Japanese automatic movement hidden behind classic analog styling. Precise 21-jewel Japanese automatic movement keeps this watch functioning without a battery--it powers automatically with the movement of your arm. This high-tech feature is tucked away behind the watch's black dial, which boasts luminous silver-toned hands and baton hour markers. The dial also sports a date window at the three o'clock position, and the entire dial is protected by a Hardlex mineral crystal. Keeping all of this securely on your wrist is a brushed-and-polished stainless steel link bracelet that closes with a fold-over clasp. Other features include a stainless steel case with an exhibition case back and water-resistance to 99 feet (30 meters).", "product/productId": "B000G12Y8O"}
{"product/description": "With the launch of its first watch in November 1974, Casio entered the wristwatch market at a time when the watch industry had just discovered digital technology. As a company with cutting-edge electronic technology developed for pocket calculators, Casio entered this field confident that it could develop timepieces that would lead the market. In developing its own wristwatches Casio began with the basic question, \"\"What is a wristwatch?\"\" Rather than simply making a digital version of the conventional mechanical watch, we thought that the ideal wristwatch should be something that shows all facets of time in a consistent way. Based on this, Casio was able to create a watch that displayed the precise time including the second, minute, hour, day, and month  not to mention a.m. or p.m., and the day of the week. It was the first watch in the world with a digital automatic calendar function that eliminated the need to reset the calendar due the variation in month length. Rather than using a conventional watch face and hands, a digital liquid crystal display was adopted to better show all the information. This culminated in the 1974 launch of the CASIOTRON, the worlds first digital watch with automatic calendar. The CASIOTRON won acclaim as a groundbreaking product that represented a complete departure from the conventional wristwatch.   Casio transformed the concept of the watch  from a mere timepiece to an information device for the wrist  and undertook product planning based on this innovative idea. We developed not only time functions such as global time zone watches, but also other radical new functions using Casios own digital technology, including calculator and dictionary functions, as well as a phonebook feature based on memory technology, and even a thermometer function using a built-in sensor. The memory-function watches became our DATA BANK product series, while the sensor watches developed into two unique Casio product lines of today: the Pathfinder series displaying altitude, atmospheric pressure, and compass readings.   In 1983, Casio launched the shock-resistant G-SHOCK watch. This product shattered the notion that a watch is a fragile piece of jewelry that needs to be handled with care, and was the result of Casio engineers taking on the challenge of creating the worlds toughest watch. Using a triple-protection design for the parts, module, and case, the G-SHOCK offered a radical new type of watch that was unaffected by strong impacts or shaking. Its practicality was immediately recognized, and its unique look, which embodied its functionality, became wildly popular, resulting in explosive sales in the early 1990s. The G-SHOCK soon adopted various new sensors, solar-powered radio-controlled technology (described below), and new materials for even better durability. By always employing the latest technology, and continuing to transcend conventional thinking about the watch, the G-SHOCK brand has become Casios flagship timepiece product.   Today, Casio is focusing its efforts on solar-powered radio-controlled watches: the built-in solar battery eliminates the nuisance of replacing batteries, and the radio-controlled function means users never have to reset the time. In particular, the radio-controlled function represents a revolution in time-keeping technology similar to the impact created when mechanical watches gave way to quartz technology. Through the further development of high radio-wave sensitivity, miniaturization, and improved energy efficiency, Casio continues to produce a whole range of radio-controlled models.", "product/productId": "B000FPZ44W"}
{"product/description": "The Seiko Bedside Alarm Get Up and Glow Clock features a large, luminous dial and silent watch hands for a more restful night's sleep. Constructed with a silver-tone metallic case, the bedside timepiece features a round white dial with black Arabic hour markers, slim black minute indexes, and silver watch hands. A soft blue dial light located at the top of the case allows for easy nighttime reading. Other handy features of this user-friendly clock include a quiet-sweep second hand and an ascending beep alarm with snooze button.\tFrom Humble beginnings, Kintaro Hattoris Vision for Seiko has become reality. A consuming passion for excellence - imprinted in our Corporate DNA passed from generation to generation. Seiko, for 125 years committed to the art and science of time. A culture of innovation connects a 19th century Tokyo clock shop with 20th century advances in timekeeping to an extraordinary 21st century \"quiet revolution.\" Continually driven by dedication and passion, established a multitude of worlds first technologies transforming the principles of timekeeping.  The first quartz wristwatch  changed the history of time.  The first Kinetic  marked a new era in quartz watch technology.  In 1969, Seiko Astron, the first quartz wristwatch - was introduced.  In an instant, Seiko exponentially improved the accuracy of wristwatches And Seiko technology firmly established todays standard in Olympic and sports timing.  1984, another celebrated first  Kinetic Technology  powered by body movement.  Kinetic  a quartz mechanism with unparalleled accuracy the driving force behind more worlds firsts.  Kinetic Chronograph  the next generation of high performance timekeeping.  Kinetic Auto Relay  automatically resets to the correct time.  Kinetic Perpetual - combining the date perfect technology of perpetual calendar with the genius of Kinetic Auto Relay.  And now Kinetic Direct Drive  move, and the watch is powered automatically. Or hand wind it and see the power you are generating in real time.  In the realm of fine watches, time is measured by Seiko innovation  A heritage of dedication to the art and science of time.", "product/productId": "B0007UA1GG"}
{"product/description": "Masculinity and metal come together in this sporty, yet handsomely refined chronograph. Silver subdials highlight an attractive navy dial in a way that's certain to remain in fashion for years to come. A 41-millimeter-diameter stainless steel case and matching bezel round out the timepiece's leading edge. Other features include water resistance to 330 feet, and a combination of attractive dash marks for indexes. A calendar dial is thrown into the mix for added style and usability.\tABOUT NAUTICA WATCHES Introduced in 1994, Nautica Watches for men and women combine distinctive styling, bold colors and unique design. Inspired by sailing, the Nautica brand reflects an energetic lifestyle that appeals to consumers around the globe. Nautica Watches fuse the best of classic American style with the latest in technical innovation. ABOUT NAUTICA Founded in 1983, Nautica is a leading global lifestyle brand ranging from men's, women's and children's apparel and accessories to a complete home collection. In 2003, the Company was acquired by VF Corporation, a global leader in branded lifestyle apparel with more than 30 brands.", "product/productId": "B000PSQXH6"}
{"product/description": "To the watch collector, the Victorinox Swiss Army brand immediately brings to mind a singular style deeply rooted in the military lifestyle. Best known for creating the Original Swiss Army Knife, Victorinox Swiss Army has long been producing watches for men and women which, like the Swiss Army Knife, are known for their exceptional functionality and quality. Despite their utility, Victorinox Swiss Army watches never compromise on style, with models suitable for every event from dinner around a camp stove to dinner in a grand ballroom.\tMade in Switzerland with precision Swiss analog quartz movement, 39 millimeters. Easy-to-read analog dial with bold markings and military time. Scratch-resistant and hardened mineral crystal. Individually tested to be water-resistant to 10 ATM (100 meters/330 feet). Synthetic case, luminous hands and hour markers. Date, water-resistant leather and nylon mesh strap with stainless steel buckle. Swiss Army printed on dial.", "product/productId": "B000GGOGT4"}
{"product/description": "The Cartier Tank Francaise Ladies Watch is a Quartz watch with a Stainless steel case and Stainless steel bracelet. The dial is White with a Scratch Resistant Sapphire cover. The case diameter is 25 mm and water resistant up to 30 m / 99 ft. Cartier Tank Francaise Ladies Watch WE10456H", "product/productId": "B000BUZCU2"}
{"product/description": "This Classic Analog watch from Casio projects elegance and simplicity. Constructed with a chic all-black design, including a durable black resin case, stainless steel bezel, and a flexible black resin band, this women's timepiece comfortably fits 5-1/2-to-8-inch wrists. The watch features a silver and white dial with easy-to-read hand indicators and Arabic-numeral hour markers. This Classic Analog watch is powered by quartz movement with an accuracy of +/- 20 seconds per month.\tWith the launch of its first watch in November 1974, Casio entered the wristwatch market at a time when the watch industry had just discovered digital technology. As a company with cutting-edge electronic technology developed for pocket calculators, Casio entered this field confident that it could develop timepieces that would lead the market. In developing its own wristwatches Casio began with the basic question, \"\"What is a wristwatch?\"\" Rather than simply making a digital version of the conventional mechanical watch, we thought that the ideal wristwatch should be something that shows all facets of time in a consistent way. Based on this, Casio was able to create a watch that displayed the precise time including the second, minute, hour, day, and month  not to mention a.m. or p.m., and the day of the week. It was the first watch in the world with a digital automatic calendar function that eliminated the need to reset the calendar due the variation in month length. Rather than using a conventional watch face and hands, a digital liquid crystal display was adopted to better show all the information. This culminated in the 1974 launch of the CASIOTRON, the worlds first digital watch with automatic calendar. The CASIOTRON won acclaim as a groundbreaking product that represented a complete departure from the conventional wristwatch.   Casio transformed the concept of the watch  from a mere timepiece to an information device for the wrist  and undertook product planning based on this innovative idea. We developed not only time functions such as global time zone watches, but also other radical new functions using Casios own digital technology, including calculator and dictionary functions, as well as a phonebook feature based on memory technology, and even a thermometer function using a built-in sensor. The memory-function watches became our DATA BANK product series, while the sensor watches developed into two unique Casio product lines of today: the Pathfinder series displaying altitude, atmospheric pressure, and compass readings.   In 1983, Casio launched the shock-resistant G-SHOCK watch. This product shattered the notion that a watch is a fragile piece of jewelry that needs to be handled with care, and was the result of Casio engineers taking on the challenge of creating the worlds toughest watch. Using a triple-protection design for the parts, module, and case, the G-SHOCK offered a radical new type of watch that was unaffected by strong impacts or shaking. Its practicality was immediately recognized, and its unique look, which embodied its functionality, became wildly popular, resulting in explosive sales in the early 1990s. The G-SHOCK soon adopted various new sensors, solar-powered radio-controlled technology (described below), and new materials for even better durability. By always employing the latest technology, and continuing to transcend conventional thinking about the watch, the G-SHOCK brand has become Casios flagship timepiece product.   Today, Casio is focusing its efforts on solar-powered radio-controlled watches: the built-in solar battery eliminates the nuisance of replacing batteries, and the radio-controlled function means users never have to reset the time. In particular, the radio-controlled function represents a revolution in time-keeping technology similar to the impact created when mechanical watches gave way to quartz technology. Through the further development of high radio-wave sensitivity, miniaturization, and improved energy efficiency, Casio continues to produce a whole range of radio-controlled models.", "product/productId": "B000GAYQOK"}
{"product/description": "Get cool functions without compromising good looks with this polished yet casual chronograph watch from Nautica. A comfortable, flexible resin band joins a round, polished stainless steel case to create a masculine, slightly nautical appeal. A rich, black dial displays a mix of white Arabic numeral indicators and minute markers as well as three stopwatch subdials subtly accented by red markings. Arabic numeral minute indicators in increments of two and sophisticated, luminescent hands add to the easy-to-read quality of this analog watch. Additional functions include a discreet date window at the four o'clock position and a tachymeter.\tABOUT NAUTICA WATCHES Introduced in 1994, Nautica Watches for men and women combine distinctive styling, bold colors and unique design. Inspired by sailing, the Nautica brand reflects an energetic lifestyle that appeals to consumers around the globe. Nautica Watches fuse the best of classic American style with the latest in technical innovation. ABOUT NAUTICA Founded in 1983, Nautica is a leading global lifestyle brand ranging from men's, women's and children's apparel and accessories to a complete home collection. In 2003, the Company was acquired by VF Corporation, a global leader in branded lifestyle apparel with more than 30 brands.", "product/productId": "B000PSQXQ2"}
{"product/description": "The Casio Men's G-Shock Classic Watch #G2300-9V features a digital gray dial, which is protected by a secure mineral dial window. An auto-calendar display offers time-telling convenience. Other innovative features include a 30-page databank, a multi-function alarm, and an hourly time signal. The gray resin bezel is embellished with a flash of contrasting white for an eye-catching twist. Other details include a 41.5-millimeter resin case, a gray resin band, and its easy-to-use buckle-clasp closure. Designed to cater to your fast-paced lifestyle, this classy timepiece presents a perfect blend of performance and style. It is powered by digital movement and water resistant to 200 meters.\tGold Watch with a Resin Band. Tough Solar. Shock Resistant. 200 Meter Water Resistant. 30 Pages Telememo. Auto Electro-Luminescent Backlight. World Time (29 Time Zones). Countdown Timer. 5 Alarms. 1/100 Second Stopwatch. Module 2184.", "product/productId": "B000AQTAAU"}
{"product/description": "With the launch of its first watch in November 1974, Casio entered the wristwatch market at a time when the watch industry had just discovered digital technology. As a company with cutting-edge electronic technology developed for pocket calculators, Casio entered this field confident that it could develop timepieces that would lead the market. In developing its own wristwatches Casio began with the basic question, \"\"What is a wristwatch?\"\" Rather than simply making a digital version of the conventional mechanical watch, we thought that the ideal wristwatch should be something that shows all facets of time in a consistent way. Based on this, Casio was able to create a watch that displayed the precise time including the second, minute, hour, day, and month  not to mention a.m. or p.m., and the day of the week. It was the first watch in the world with a digital automatic calendar function that eliminated the need to reset the calendar due the variation in month length. Rather than using a conventional watch face and hands, a digital liquid crystal display was adopted to better show all the information. This culminated in the 1974 launch of the CASIOTRON, the worlds first digital watch with automatic calendar. The CASIOTRON won acclaim as a groundbreaking product that represented a complete departure from the conventional wristwatch.   Casio transformed the concept of the watch  from a mere timepiece to an information device for the wrist  and undertook product planning based on this innovative idea. We developed not only time functions such as global time zone watches, but also other radical new functions using Casios own digital technology, including calculator and dictionary functions, as well as a phonebook feature based on memory technology, and even a thermometer function using a built-in sensor. The memory-function watches became our DATA BANK product series, while the sensor watches developed into two unique Casio product lines of today: the Pathfinder series displaying altitude, atmospheric pressure, and compass readings.   In 1983, Casio launched the shock-resistant G-SHOCK watch. This product shattered the notion that a watch is a fragile piece of jewelry that needs to be handled with care, and was the result of Casio engineers taking on the challenge of creating the worlds toughest watch. Using a triple-protection design for the parts, module, and case, the G-SHOCK offered a radical new type of watch that was unaffected by strong impacts or shaking. Its practicality was immediately recognized, and its unique look, which embodied its functionality, became wildly popular, resulting in explosive sales in the early 1990s. The G-SHOCK soon adopted various new sensors, solar-powered radio-controlled technology (described below), and new materials for even better durability. By always employing the latest technology, and continuing to transcend conventional thinking about the watch, the G-SHOCK brand has become Casios flagship timepiece product.   Today, Casio is focusing its efforts on solar-powered radio-controlled watches: the built-in solar battery eliminates the nuisance of replacing batteries, and the radio-controlled function means users never have to reset the time. In particular, the radio-controlled function represents a revolution in time-keeping technology similar to the impact created when mechanical watches gave way to quartz technology. Through the further development of high radio-wave sensitivity, miniaturization, and improved energy efficiency, Casio continues to produce a whole range of radio-controlled models.", "product/productId": "B000GAWSG8"}
{"product/description": "Elegant and striking, this two-tone ladies watch features a round white mother-of-pearl dial with a beautiful iridescent shimmer. The gold-toned hands and markers feature environmentally-safe Lumibrite technology, which allows them to glow brightly for hours without the push of a button or the draw of energy from a battery.  The dial is set in a bezel of silver-and gold-toned stainless steel accented luxuriously with sixteen small diamonds.  The easy-to-read watch face features three-hand function, with numbers at the twelve, six, and nine oclock positions and a date window at the three oclock position.  The two-tone bracelet-style stainless steel band secures with a fold-over push-button clasp.  Other features of this watch include a sapphire crystal and a gold-toned Cabochon crown with a blue stone cap. Water-tested to 100 meters, this watch is suitable for both swimming and snorkeling.  It features Japan quartz movement and has a battery life of 2 to 3 years.\tThis ladies' two tone Seiko Coutura watch features a mother of pearl dial, 16 diamonds set around the bezel and a date window.", "product/productId": "B00068TJ30"}
{"product/description": "Sexy, bold, and adventurous, this GUESS Women's Crystal Accented Gold-Tone Watch fuses cutting-edge innovation with sleek design. This striking timepiece is equipped with a 43-millimeter gold-tone stainless-steel case and a matching gold-tone stainless-steel band, which includes a fold-over clasp with a double-push-button-safety mechanism. For the right amount of sparkle, the stationary, gold-tone stainless-steel bezel features an embedded ring of stones. Stylized Arabic numerals adorn the shimmery silver dial, which is protected by a durable mineral window, and three sub-dials track the day, date, and 24-hour clock. Powered by analog-quartz movement, this watch is water resistant up to 330 feet. This watch is covered by a 10-year manufacturer's warranty.\tDazzling Swarovski crystals bring intoxicating energy to this brilliant gold-tone watch. Team it with casual looks or dressy ensembles-it goes with everything. Analog multifunction: day, date and 24 hour international time Face measures 40.5mm in diameter Gold-tone stainless steel case Gold-tone stainless steel bracelet Swarovski crystal accents Water resistant up to: 100 m/330 ft 10 Year Limited Warranty Women's Accessories > Watches > Guess Watches", "product/productId": "B000ND3AZ6"}
{"product/description": "Eliminate clutter with this Tech Swiss valet. The handcrafted black leather valet lid lifts to provides single level case with multiple compartments. The interior is lined in grey faux suede and holds 5 watches, earrings, necklaces, rings, cufflinks and much more. The meticulous made case is accented with silver plated matte finish hardware and comes with a lock and key. The handsome valet can be placed on a dresser or nightstand. Exclusively offered by Tech Swiss. Valet Box Measures: 9.75\" x 8\" x 3\"H\tEliminate clutter with this Tech Swiss valet.The handcrafted black leather valet lid lifts to provides single level case with multiple compartments. The interior is lined in grey faux suede and holds 5 watches, earrings, necklaces, rings, cufflinks and much more. The meticulous made case is accented with silver plated matte finish hardware and comes with a lock and key. The handsome valet can be placed on a dresser or nightstand. Valet Box Measures: 9.75\" x 8\" x 3\"H", "product/productId": "B0007POHPC"}
{"product/description": "The High Gear Alterra Watch is a wrist-mounted computer for tracking fun. Wear this one to log all the vertical you got on your last ski trip or how many feet you really climbed over the weekend. If you're trail running, skiing, hiking, mountain biking, or all of the above, you can use the Alterra to document your progress. An altimeter with Ski Chrono function automatically calculates each lap that you make and saves the info, so you can rub it in to your friends about what an epic weekend you had. For runners there is a 50 lap chronograph and split timer that remembers the fastest laps and average times. Of course the Alterra is loaded with all of the features that a quality outdoor watch needs, like dual time zones, alarms, a thermometer, and a compass. This is a serious piece of equipment that lets you maximize your fun every time you hit the trail.Product FeaturesMaterial: Band Type:  Altimeter: Yes Barometer: Yes  Compass: Yes   Stopwatch: Yes  Chronograph: YesThermometer: Yes   Heart Rate Monitor: NoPC Compatible:  Waterproof: Yes, 30m  Backlight/ Electroluminescent: Yes   Alarms: YesSize: Recommended Use: Skiing , climbing, training Weight: 2.5oz (71g) Warranty:", "product/productId": "B0009TTH10"}
{"product/description": "With its sleek architectural lines and bold black Museum dial, this watch is classic Movado. It features a round black Museum dial with gold tone Dauphine hands and a single concave dot at the twelve o'clock position. This is the minimalist look made famous for Movado by American designer Nathan George Horwitt in 1947. Horwitt intended his design to be evocative of a sun dial, with the dot representing the sun at high noon. The dial is set in an ultra-thin gold-plated case and framed by a perfectly round gold tone stainless steel bezel with streamlined elongated lugs. It presents on a soft black calf skin strap that fastens with a buckle closure. This watch features a scratch-resistant sapphire crystal and Swiss quartz movement. Water-resistant to 99 feet, it can be worn while swimming or poolside diving, but it should not be worn while scuba diving. About Movado Movado, one of the most celebrated watch brands in the world, traces its origins to the small village of La Chaux-de-faunds, Switzerland where, in 1881, a young watchmaker named Achille Ditesheim hired six assistants and opened a small workshop. He called his company Movado, a word which means, roughly, \"always in motion.\" The company grew and prospered, evolving from a small pocketwatch manufacturer into a leading innovator and designer of precision wristwatches. Throughout its history, Movado has maintained its place at the pinnacle of innovation and excellence in design, craftsmanship and technology. Movado watches are crafted by highly-skilled watchmakers to meet the exacting standards of Swiss time technology. They are accurate to within seconds a year. All Movado watches are sealed and protected against water, moisture and dust, and individually tested to meet strict international standards of quality. A long-time dedicated supporter of the arts, Movado has, itself, been the recipient of over 200 international awards. Movado watches can now be found in the permanent collections of over 20 museums worldwide. Museum Collection The watch dial defined by a dot at 12. Design simplicity unrivaled in the history of time-keeping. Flat dot/stick hands, or concave dot/dauphine hands. Stainless steel or gold-plated case. Fine leather strap. Swiss quartz movement. Sapphire crystal. Water resistant to 3 atm.\tThe art of Movado is the art of design. Since its founding in 1881 by 19-year old entrepreneur Achille Ditesheim in the village of La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland, Movado has achieved a legacy of design innovation, earning more than 100 patents and 200 international awards for artistry and innovation in watch design and time technology.Movado, meaning \"always in motion\" in the international language of Esperanto, is the hallmark of some of the most famous timepieces ever created: the 1912 Polyplan, its revolutionary, patented movement constructed on three planes to fit a case curved to follow the wristthe WWI Soldiers Watch with its elegant, protective grillthe 1927 Ermeto, a capsule-shaped pocket watch wound by the sliding motion of its casethe innovative 1950s Kingmatic series of rotor-driven automaticsthe Movado Artists Series by luminaries of the fine art worldand the Movado Museum Watch with its legendary dial. Defined by a single dot at 12 representing the sun at high noon, the Museum Watch dial is regarded as an icon of Modernism. It was designed by Bauhaus-influenced artist Nathan George Horwitt in 1947. When Horwitts dial was selected for the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art, New York, in 1960, it was the first watch dial ever awarded this distinction. The name \"Museum Watch\" derives from this recognition. Today, Movado watches are in prominent museums worldwide, and this legendary dial distinguishes an entire collection of singular timepieces. The Movado Boutiques extend the Movado brand philosophy of design innovation beyond watches to a range of products for modern living. Exclusive offerings include the proprietary and patented 114-facet Movado Diamond jewelry collection, Movados own modern 18K gold, diamond, sterling silver and gemstone jewelry, signature pens and personal accessories, Movado clocks and fine Swiss watches. Selections are highlighted in our seasonal catalogs. There are currently more than 25 upscale Movado Boutique stores in major markets across the United States. Excellence in design. A dedication to Swiss craftsmanship. The quest for technological innovation. The Movado philosophy remains as valid as it was in 1881. Swiss made and water resistant, all Movado watches are distinguished by a legacy of design innovation and dedication to the future of time. Discover the complete collection today.", "product/productId": "B0007N7MJM"}
{"product/description": "This analog/digital Casio Waveceptor men's atomic watch (WVA104HLA-8AV) combines powerful style with technologically advanced timepiece features. A great choice for your active lifestyle, this watch includes a 1/100 second stopwatch and a durable, comfortable fabric and leather strap. This radio-controlled watch receives a time calibration signal transmitted from Fort Collins, Colorado, and signal reception is possible within a radius of about 2,000 miles from the Fort Collins transmitter. You can choose to automatically receive this signal four times a day, or manually update the Waveceptor to the atomic clock. The round stainless steel watch case is topped by a geometrically patterned bezel that accentuates its sleek body. It features a dark gray dial face with hollow, rounded silver hands, silver triangular dial markers, and a digital display in the lower half of the dial. The stopwatch measures up to 60 minutes and offers elapsed time, split/lap time, and 1st-2nd place modes. It also has three daily alarms (with one target alarm and one snooze alarm), world time for 29 time zones/30 cities, 12/24-hour time, and auto-calendar programmed to 2039. The AfterGlow LED electro luminescent backlight provides easy readability in low-light conditions. Other features include water resistance to 50 meters (99 feet) and a battery life of approximately 2 years.\tWith the launch of its first watch in November 1974, Casio entered the wristwatch market at a time when the watch industry had just discovered digital technology. As a company with cutting-edge electronic technology developed for pocket calculators, Casio entered this field confident that it could develop timepieces that would lead the market. In developing its own wristwatches Casio began with the basic question, \"\"What is a wristwatch?\"\" Rather than simply making a digital version of the conventional mechanical watch, we thought that the ideal wristwatch should be something that shows all facets of time in a consistent way. Based on this, Casio was able to create a watch that displayed the precise time including the second, minute, hour, day, and month  not to mention a.m. or p.m., and the day of the week. It was the first watch in the world with a digital automatic calendar function that eliminated the need to reset the calendar due the variation in month length. Rather than using a conventional watch face and hands, a digital liquid crystal display was adopted to better show all the information. This culminated in the 1974 launch of the CASIOTRON, the worlds first digital watch with automatic calendar. The CASIOTRON won acclaim as a groundbreaking product that represented a complete departure from the conventional wristwatch.   Casio transformed the concept of the watch  from a mere timepiece to an information device for the wrist  and undertook product planning based on this innovative idea. We developed not only time functions such as global time zone watches, but also other radical new functions using Casios own digital technology, including calculator and dictionary functions, as well as a phonebook feature based on memory technology, and even a thermometer function using a built-in sensor. The memory-function watches became our DATA BANK product series, while the sensor watches developed into two unique Casio product lines of today: the Pathfinder series displaying altitude, atmospheric pressure, and compass readings.   In 1983, Casio launched the shock-resistant G-SHOCK watch. This product shattered the notion that a watch is a fragile piece of jewelry that needs to be handled with care, and was the result of Casio engineers taking on the challenge of creating the worlds toughest watch. Using a triple-protection design for the parts, module, and case, the G-SHOCK offered a radical new type of watch that was unaffected by strong impacts or shaking. Its practicality was immediately recognized, and its unique look, which embodied its functionality, became wildly popular, resulting in explosive sales in the early 1990s. The G-SHOCK soon adopted various new sensors, solar-powered radio-controlled technology (described below), and new materials for even better durability. By always employing the latest technology, and continuing to transcend conventional thinking about the watch, the G-SHOCK brand has become Casios flagship timepiece product.   Today, Casio is focusing its efforts on solar-powered radio-controlled watches: the built-in solar battery eliminates the nuisance of replacing batteries, and the radio-controlled function means users never have to reset the time. In particular, the radio-controlled function represents a revolution in time-keeping technology similar to the impact created when mechanical watches gave way to quartz technology. Through the further development of high radio-wave sensitivity, miniaturization, and improved energy efficiency, Casio continues to produce a whole range of radio-controlled models.", "product/productId": "B000AQTAF0"}
{"product/description": "This classic-looking watch has a round light silver dial set in a bezel of fluted gold-toned stainless steel.  It features three-hand function with luminous hands and markers, an English/Spanish day-date window at the three oclock position, and Japan quartz movement.  The bracelet-style stainless steel band has a fold over double-locking clasp.  This watch is water resistant to 30 meters.\tSeiko Men's Functional Two-Tone Stainless Steel Bracelet Watch A functional design with timeless appeal! This watch features a silver-tone base metal case with a stainless steel case back and a textured gold-tone stainless steel bezel. A Hardlex crystal covers the round silver-tone dial which displays day and date windows at 3:00 and gold-tone LumiBrite index markers at all remaining hour positions. Gold-tone LumiBrite hour and minute hands and a gold-tone second hand move over the dial while a silver-tone stainless steel bracelet with gold-tone stainless steel center links secures the watch to your wrist. Bracelet: Stainless steel Movement: Japanese Seiko quartz Crystal: Hardlex Crown: Push/pull Bracelet Measurements: 8-1/2\" L x 19.5mm W Case Measurements: 36.5mm Water Resistance: 3 ATM - 30 meters - 100 feet Model Number: SGF204 Warranty: Three year limited warranty provided by Seiko Corporation of America. Additional Features: Watch comes packaged in a Seiko watch box with instruction manual and warranty information. ShopNBC is an authorized dealer of Seiko watches.", "product/productId": "B00068TK70"}
{"product/description": "Movado's sleek, innovative Swiss Luno Watch design will attract admiring gazes no matter what the time is. Constructed with a stainless steel case, the sophisticated timepiece includes a fixed stainless steel bezel and a stainless steel link bracelet with an invisible double-locking clasp for a secure fit. A durable sapphire window shields the silver dial face, which features a silver-tone hour index at 12 o'clock and matching silver-tone watch hands. This semi-formal Swiss-quartz-powered timepiece is water resistant to 99 feet.Luno Collection A sportive new interpretation of Movados sculpted dot motif. Concave half-moon shapes punctuate the center links of the bold bracelet design. Solid or two-tone stainless steel. Museum dial. Deployment clasp. Swiss quartz movement. Flat sapphire crystal. Water resistant to 3 atm.\tThe art of Movado is the art of design. Since its founding in 1881 by 19-year old entrepreneur Achille Ditesheim in the village of La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland, Movado has achieved a legacy of design innovation, earning more than 100 patents and 200 international awards for artistry and innovation in watch design and time technology.Movado, meaning \"always in motion\" in the international language of Esperanto, is the hallmark of some of the most famous timepieces ever created: the 1912 Polyplan, its revolutionary, patented movement constructed on three planes to fit a case curved to follow the wristthe WWI Soldiers Watch with its elegant, protective grillthe 1927 Ermeto, a capsule-shaped pocket watch wound by the sliding motion of its casethe innovative 1950s Kingmatic series of rotor-driven automaticsthe Movado Artists Series by luminaries of the fine art worldand the Movado Museum Watch with its legendary dial. Defined by a single dot at 12 representing the sun at high noon, the Museum Watch dial is regarded as an icon of Modernism. It was designed by Bauhaus-influenced artist Nathan George Horwitt in 1947. When Horwitts dial was selected for the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art, New York, in 1960, it was the first watch dial ever awarded this distinction. The name \"Museum Watch\" derives from this recognition. Today, Movado watches are in prominent museums worldwide, and this legendary dial distinguishes an entire collection of singular timepieces. The Movado Boutiques extend the Movado brand philosophy of design innovation beyond watches to a range of products for modern living. Exclusive offerings include the proprietary and patented 114-facet Movado Diamond jewelry collection, Movados own modern 18K gold, diamond, sterling silver and gemstone jewelry, signature pens and personal accessories, Movado clocks and fine Swiss watches. Selections are highlighted in our seasonal catalogs. There are currently more than 25 upscale Movado Boutique stores in major markets across the United States. Excellence in design. A dedication to Swiss craftsmanship. The quest for technological innovation. The Movado philosophy remains as valid as it was in 1881. Swiss made and water resistant, all Movado watches are distinguished by a legacy of design innovation and dedication to the future of time. Discover the complete collection today.", "product/productId": "B000GHFZYS"}
{"product/description": "With the affordable silver-tone Invicta Pro Diver SQ quartz women's watch, you can still afford to buy flippers and a pair of goggles. It features a shock-resistant, Japanese quartz movement that will stand up to the rigors of your undersea adventures, and it's water resistant to 200 meters (660 feet). It's topped by a black-plated unidirectional rotating bezel with elapsed time markings in silver and scalloped edges for a firm grip even with diving gloves. The black dial includes large Tritnite luminous markers and hands (with seconds hand) and a date window at 3 o'clock with a magnifier. Other features include a fold-over-clasp-with-safety and an anti-reflective mineral crystal. Pro Diver Collection Plunge into any horizon using the steadfast guidance of the Invicta Pro Diver. Stylishly classic, internal workings are forged with variations of either Swiss chronograph or 21-jewel automatic movements and willingly navigate in depths up to 300 meters. Built with confident prowess, the fortitude with which these timepieces function makes the Pro Diver the quintessential in performance. Screw Down Crowns: Many Invicta watches are equipped with a screw down crown to help prevent water infiltration. This is most common on our Diver models. In order to adjust the date and/or time on such a watch, you must first unscrew the crown before you can gently pull it out to its first or second click stop position. To do this, simply rotate the crown counterclockwise until it springs open. When you have finished setting the watch, the crown must then be pushed in and screwed back in tightly. Not doing so will cancel the water resistance of the watch and will void all warranties from the manufacturer. Overall, this process should not require a lot of effort or force.\tWith its most inspired creations yet, Invicta demonstrates its technical and design prowess, offering timepieces of style for extreme value.\"We have long held firm to the belief that supremely crafted timepieces can be offered for extremely modest sums. It is the founding principle of our flagship and the radical notion that still drives us today. By being true to our convictions, we will continue to turn the balance of power, and deliver true Swiss luxury to anyone who desires it. Let all those who possess our timepieces and pass through our doors witness the quality, value and care in every piece we create, and the spirit of never-ending possibilities in everything we do.\"These are the words that greet visitors and motivate team members inside the Invicta Watch Group's new worldwide headquarters. Emblazoned in stainless steel, it has been the Invicta message since Day One. With each new timepiece, the company sends up a flare for those looking to be defined not by how much they spend, but how wisely they spend. With its strong collections, the gutsy Swiss brand is guaranteed to keep attracting followers.  The art of the craft. Inside an Invicta WorkshopIt takes years of training and a great deal of pride to achieve glorious Swiss timepieces by hand. But it takes guts and the courage of your convictions to make those timepieces affordable for everyone who appreciates them. At our Swiss workshops, we mix time-honored traditions with a little bit of horse sense every single day to produce the greatest values in the watch-making world.", "product/productId": "B000GX3IL4"}
{"product/description": "This 150-page databank watch makes it easy to keep important information within reach. World time capability gives you the peace of mind that you'll always know what time it is, even if you've travelled halfway around the world. All of this and the 8-digit calculator make you feel like you've taken an assistant with you on the road. Size of case/total weight: 41.5 x 37.0 x 9.5mm / 35g.  Features  Dual Time 50M Water Resistant LED Light with Afterglow Muli-function Alarm with Snooze Auto Calendar (pre-programmed until the year 2099)", "product/productId": "B000U12GFQ"}
{"product/description": "Instruction of Jawbone users:\tFor Jawbone users, please use the small rubber ring that you have on the headset first then snaps on Jabra gel over it. Thanks a lot!!", "product/productId": "B00004WINT"}
